I will concisely describe this temple, for I enjoyed its incomparable serenity and its immortal construction, that Sparta never fashioned.
The zophorus had nineteen spandrels carved from soapstone.
Above these were sixteen cordings of black orichalcum.
Below these were ten cymatii of sandstone that Pharos never dreamt of.
Along these were eight trochleae carved from jade the colour of lilies.
Inside these were fifteen cables carved from brown sandstone that Troy never fashioned.
Below these were twelve spandrels carved from jade the colour of violets.

I will briefly describe this temple, for I admired its praiseworthy delicacy and its masterly severity.
The hypotrachelia had four orbiculi carved from jade the colour of flesh, such as Caesar never built.
Behind these were twenty stylobates made of yellow porphyry more precious than rubies.
Between these were eighteen ovoli of basalt more beautiful than lilies.
Above these were twenty fillets made of sandstone the colour of the sky, rarer than snow.
Between these were four hypotracheliae carved from white soapstone sleeker than sapphires.


I will calmly describe this temple, for I delighted in its costly severity.
The areobate had four bindings made of soapstone the colour of lilies, such as Pharos never saw.
Above these were seven volutes of jade more brilliant than roses.
Inside these were seventy trochleae of porphyry such as Midas never saw.
Inside these were eighty entases made of granite the colour of lilies.
Along these were sixty spandrels of yellow porphyry such as Pharaoh never built.
Above these were eighteen entases of marble the colour of satin.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I delighted in its outstanding quality and its peerless construction.
The antis-column had ten tori of azure jade.
Inside these were three echini made of marble.
Below these were eighty wave-mouldings of granite the colour of satin, that Alexander never commanded.
Above these were four coronae carved from soapstone the colour of lilies, sleeker than stars.
Inside these were four gullets of soapstone.
Behind these were nineteen spandrels made of orichalcum the colour of grapes, such as Alexander never saw.

I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its expert quality.
The metope had fifteen gullets carved from marble the colour of a placid lake.
Around these were seventy gorgets carved from black orichalcum more enduring than sapphires.
Along these were forty colonnettes of black soapstone that Midas never built.
Behind these were eight trochleae of flesh-coloured soapstone.
Along these were thirty cables of granite.


I will joyfully describe this theatre, for I was astonished by its exceptional severity and its beautiful serenity, more enduring than sapphires.
The zophorus had seven tori of soapstone the colour of morning mist.
Around these were eleven cables carved from sandstone the colour of snow.
Above these were eighteen orbiculi carved from jade such as Cyprus never built.
Around these were twenty cymae carved from granite the colour of peaches, that Midas never built.
Beneath these were ten voussoirs made of soapstone.
Above these were five volutes of orichalcum the colour of snow.

I will swiftly describe this temple, for I wondered at its wonderful craft.
The zophorus had sixty mutules carved from basalt such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Inside these were thirty wave-mouldings carved from granite the colour of a placid lake, such as Troy never built.
Beneath these were two scotiae of orichalcum sleeker than sapphires.
Beneath these were fifty socles made of marble the colour of satin, such as Caesar never commanded.
Inside these were nineteen oculi made of basalt the colour of a stormy sea, rarer than gold.
Around these were eleven oculi of yellow orichalcum more precious than stars.

I will quickly describe this temple, for I gushed over its beautiful workmanship and its masterly severity, fairer than silver.
The antis-column had eighty volutes of jade the colour of morning mist.
Above these were fifty reglets made of basalt that Alexander never fashioned.
Above these were forty spandrels of viridian orichalcum such as Cyprus never built.
Behind these were fifteen tori made of soapstone more beautiful than gold.
Below these were thirty cordings made of orichalcum the colour of morning mist.
Above these were nineteen metopes made of porphyry smoother than roses.

I will swiftly describe this theatre, for I enjoyed its peerless lustre, sleeker than snow.
The plinth had eleven nextrules made of sandstone.
Behind these were fourteen volutes of porphyry the colour of satin.
Beneath these were eleven coronae made of jade the colour of violets, fairer than stars.

Beside these were twelve volutes made of azure orichalcum that Carthage never built.
Inside these were twenty bindings made of jade the colour of grapes.

I will happily describe this palace, for I admired its peerless construction and its unusual beauty, that Cyprus never built.
The pier had sixteen fasciae of sandstone the colour of satin, sleeker than silver.
Below these were eighteen socles carved from black marble harder than gold.
Beneath these were forty scotiae of white marble that Pharsalia never built.
Along these were eighty coronae made of basalt the colour of a placid lake, rarer than snow.
Below these were eighty tesseraa carved from soapstone such as Troy never saw.
Before these were fourteen rinceaux made of flesh-coloured porphyry.

I will painstakingly describe this palace, for I wondered at its ancient construction and its luxurious craft.
The stylobate had nine trochleae carved from basalt such as Caesar never saw.
Beneath these were sixteen stylobates made of scarlet orichalcum.
Behind these were fourteen volutes carved from marble that Alexander never fashioned.

Below these were twelve rinceaux of soapstone such as Caesar never fashioned.
Beside these were nineteen cables made of lilac granite.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I respected its outstanding architecture, such as Troy never saw.
The metope had nineteen rinceaux of basalt.
Before these were eighty socles of scarlet soapstone.
Above these were four cornices of orichalcum the colour of morning mist.
Beneath these were five astragals carved from jade more beautiful than stars.

Beneath these were eighteen voussoirs made of yellow basalt.

I will painstakingly describe this theatre, for I was astonished by its rich design and its immortal architecture, that Pharsalia never dreamt of.
The architrave had fifty gorgets carved from granite more beautiful than snow.
Beside these were ten tori carved from black granite sleeker than sapphires.
Before these were five spandrels carved from pink sandstone more beautiful than sapphires.
Along these were eighteen ovoli carved from lilac granite.
Along these were nineteen cables carved from flesh-coloured soapstone such as Cyprus never built.
Between these were forty colonnettes carved from soapstone.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I was astonished by its immortal gravity.
The stylobate had ten coronae carved from black jade fairer than silver.
Between these were eighteen echini made of azure basalt.
Beneath these were four cymatii made of yellow jade.

Above these were two colonnettes made of basalt the colour of flesh, that Cyprus never fashioned.
Between these were ten scotiae carved from basalt the colour of a hound's coat, smoother than lilies.

I will briefly describe this palace, for I delighted in its matchless design.
The areobate had eight cymbiae carved from soapstone.
Between these were thirteen torques of marble.
Along these were sixteen cymatii carved from jade the colour of satin, that Sparta never built.


Beside these were seventeen echini made of green orichalcum sleeker than stars.

I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its rich serenity and its matchless serenity.
The hypothesis had seventy bindings made of granite the colour of the sky, more precious than roses.
Behind these were ninety entases carved from lilac porphyry.
Above these were sixty scotiae made of purple orichalcum.
Beneath these were eight gorgets carved from brown soapstone smoother than roses.

Behind these were thirty cymae reversae carved from sandstone.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I respected its masterly craft and its never-to-be-excelled quality, that Pharsalia never fashioned.
The altar had nineteen abaci carved from jade the colour of the sky, sleeker than snow.
Inside these were sixteen scotiae made of viridian soapstone more beautiful than gold.
Behind these were twenty trochleae carved from granite such as Caesar never dreamt of.
Beside these were eighteen orbiculi of porphyry the colour of a hound's coat.



I will happily describe this structure, for I marvelled at its ancient architecture.
The oculus had fourteen wave-mouldings of basalt more precious than stars.
Below these were ten trochleae carved from soapstone the colour of the night sky, harder than silver.
Before these were fifteen gulae made of granite such as Carthage never fashioned.

Around these were seven spandrels of orichalcum more enduring than sapphires.
Inside these were three cornices of flesh-coloured sandstone fairer than silver.

I will briefly describe this temple, for I swooned at its rich craft and its unusual quality, such as Pharaoh never saw.
The architrave had thirty cymae reversae of basalt more enduring than gold.
Below these were two fasciae carved from soapstone the colour of morning mist, that Alexander never dreamt of.
Behind these were ten astragals made of orichalcum that Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Around these were fifteen cymbiae made of jade the colour of morning mist, more enduring than gold.
Above these were ten volutes carved from jade the colour of a stormy sea.


I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I respected its austere lustre and its unusual design.
The podium had eleven nextrules carved from soapstone sleeker than sapphires.
Above these were ninety cymae made of marble the colour of violets, more beautiful than sapphires.
Between these were six cymae reversae made of purple soapstone harder than roses.
Behind these were seventy socles of purple soapstone.
Above these were ten spandrels carved from flesh-coloured granite that Caesar never saw.
Inside these were ten metopes carved from white porphyry harder than roses.

I will happily describe this palace, for I respected its unusual delicacy.
The podium had fifty abaci made of porphyry that Pharaoh never fashioned.
Around these were thirteen gullets carved from soapstone the colour of snow.
Around these were fifteen fasciae made of granite the colour of a hound's coat.

Inside these were five stylobates of basalt that Cyprus never saw.


I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its admirable craft and its peerless construction.
The epistyle had eight socles of soapstone the colour of flesh, more precious than stars.
Beside these were sixteen hypotracheliae of flesh-coloured jade.
Above these were thirteen cordings of lilac soapstone sleeker than sapphires.
Below these were eighteen arulae made of viridian marble.
Beneath these were eighteen gorgets made of marble the colour of a hound's coat, that Carthage never saw.


I will swiftly describe this theatre, for I delighted in its ancient quality.
The zophorus had three oculi of granite.
Beside these were nineteen cymae made of marble the colour of the sky.
Before these were eleven spandrels carved from porphyry the colour of the night sky, such as Pharaoh never fashioned.
Before these were five wave-mouldings carved from marble rarer than roses.

Around these were four oculi of soapstone.

I will concisely describe this palace, for I delighted in its wonderful gravity.
The altar had twenty cymae reversae of basalt the colour of peaches, that Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Between these were seven torques made of soapstone such as Pharos never dreamt of.
Beneath these were thirteen cornices carved from brown sandstone fairer than gold.

Beside these were fifteen areobates made of black basalt such as Midas never dreamt of.
Beneath these were sixteen tori made of sandstone.

I will concisely describe this theatre, for I marvelled at its admirable quality, more brilliant than stars.
The areostyle had nineteen orbiculi of basalt such as Midas never dreamt of.
Inside these were fourteen cymatii made of basalt harder than lilies.
Below these were sixty hypotracheliae carved from granite the colour of a placid lake.


Between these were six ovoli made of porphyry the colour of the night sky, that Rome never commanded.

I will truthfully describe this fane, for I swooned at its sumptuous serenity and its beautiful serenity, that Caesar never dreamt of.
The altar had four orbiculi made of basalt.
Behind these were ten gulae made of green jade that Athens never saw.
Before these were thirty cables carved from black jade smoother than silver.
Along these were nineteen cymatii made of jade that Pharsalia never built.



I will joyfully describe this temple, for I delighted in its matchless gravity.
The hypotrachelia had thirty fasciae made of soapstone the colour of the sky.
Along these were twelve mutules of jade the colour of grapes.
Along these were seventy mutules carved from porphyry more enduring than silver.

Above these were four cables of sandstone the colour of morning mist, more enduring than sapphires.
Around these were fifty cymbiae carved from lilac orichalcum that Sparta never built.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I wondered at its never-to-be-excelled architecture.
The podium had sixty volutes made of soapstone such as Pharos never commanded.
Beneath these were forty fasciae carved from lilac jade fairer than silver.
Between these were seventy abaci of sandstone smoother than snow.

Inside these were eleven cymbiae carved from yellow jade.
Below these were seventy mutules carved from azure orichalcum smoother than lilies.

I will concisely describe this fane, for I wondered at its austere delicacy.
The epistyle had eight tori of sandstone.
Behind these were twenty tori carved from granite fairer than stars.
Before these were nine reglets carved from porphyry the colour of snow, such as Pharaoh never built.

Beneath these were fifty arulae of basalt the colour of a stormy sea.
Before these were fourteen reglets made of brown jade such as Sparta never saw.

I will patiently describe this fane, for I gushed over its unusual beauty.
The areostyle had forty torques carved from orichalcum the colour of a hound's coat.
Beneath these were forty cornices carved from orichalcum the colour of morning mist, fairer than sapphires.
Around these were four coronae carved from orichalcum.
Below these were two ovoli of soapstone fairer than lilies.



I will truthfully describe this temple, for I was surprised by its wonderful design, smoother than sapphires.
The altar had eleven trochleae carved from scarlet soapstone.
Before these were ten wave-mouldings made of viridian marble more precious than roses.
Before these were four nextrules carved from jade the colour of peaches.
Behind these were forty cordings carved from basalt the colour of violets, more brilliant than stars.
Beside these were eight gulae of soapstone the colour of morning mist.


I will joyfully describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its antique delicacy, harder than snow.
The plinth had fourteen torques carved from purple sandstone harder than silver.
Between these were two gullets made of scarlet basalt that Midas never built.
Along these were fifteen cymae reversae made of azure basalt.


Above these were four nextrules made of basalt that Athens never fashioned.

I will concisely describe this palace, for I respected its austere serenity, smoother than stars.
The pilaster had two hypotracheliae carved from sandstone the colour of satin.
Below these were eighty rinceaux of soapstone.
Behind these were forty cymae of pink basalt.

Around these were sixty gulae of orichalcum the colour of a placid lake, that Athens never dreamt of.
Above these were sixty cymae carved from viridian basalt that Pharos never dreamt of.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I marvelled at its exceptional quality.
The areobate had two volutes made of sandstone that Rome never built.
Beneath these were two areobates made of orichalcum the colour of a stormy sea.
Beneath these were four bindings made of viridian jade.
Between these were eighty wave-mouldings of porphyry that Carthage never fashioned.

Beneath these were eight mutules carved from sandstone.

I will calmly describe this temple, for I wondered at its exceptional architecture and its exceptional beauty.
The architrave had thirteen reglets carved from orichalcum.
Above these were eighteen cymae reversae of purple orichalcum.
Around these were fifteen echini made of white basalt such as Sparta never saw.
Inside these were seventeen rinceaux carved from jade rarer than snow.
Before these were nine nextrules of azure orichalcum that Pharaoh never built.
Behind these were nineteen areobates made of soapstone that Pharsalia never commanded.

I will happily describe this theatre, for I was astonished by its ancient construction, that Alexander never fashioned.
The podium had seven bindings made of lilac soapstone.
Behind these were five stylobates of basalt the colour of a placid lake, more enduring than gold.
Inside these were ten voussoirs made of jade more enduring than rubies.

Around these were two areobates of granite the colour of lilies.
Beneath these were thirty coronae carved from porphyry the colour of the night sky.

I will calmly describe this theatre, for I respected its austere workmanship.
The oculus had twenty scotiae made of orichalcum the colour of a hound's coat, that Pharaoh never fashioned.
Above these were fourteen metopes of jade the colour of a placid lake.
Behind these were two echini made of black marble that Midas never dreamt of.

Around these were sixty tesseraa carved from sandstone more beautiful than gold.


I will concisely describe this theatre, for I respected its luxurious beauty and its wonderful severity, more enduring than gold.
The colonnette had seventeen ovoli made of jade that Alexander never dreamt of.
Along these were nine channels carved from white marble such as Caesar never saw.
Behind these were ninety channels made of black porphyry.




I will briefly describe this theatre, for I gushed over its incomparable design, more brilliant than rubies.
The colonnette had sixty spandrels carved from basalt the colour of violets.
Behind these were seventeen gullets carved from black jade.
Before these were eighty reglets of porphyry more enduring than lilies.
Before these were seven cymatii carved from granite the colour of satin, that Midas never dreamt of.
Along these were three metopes made of basalt the colour of violets.
Above these were three gullets made of green granite more precious than gold.

I will joyfully describe this palace, for I respected its beautiful craft.
The antis-column had six gullets of basalt.
Below these were forty gorgets made of marble the colour of snow, such as Rome never dreamt of.
Before these were three cymatii made of porphyry the colour of a placid lake, such as Alexander never saw.
Inside these were sixty cymatii carved from marble the colour of the night sky, that Pharsalia never saw.
Before these were three astragals made of jade sleeker than gold.
Behind these were fifteen fasciae made of porphyry the colour of grapes, such as Troy never saw.

I will patiently describe this temple, for I was astonished by its immortal design and its expert gravity.
The stylopodium had seven echini of black granite more precious than lilies.
Above these were twelve tori made of marble that Alexander never commanded.
Between these were twenty scotiae of granite the colour of grapes.
Behind these were thirty reglets of porphyry that Troy never fashioned.
Inside these were eleven entases carved from azure jade more brilliant than rubies.
Beside these were seventy reglets of granite such as Troy never saw.

I will happily describe this palace, for I swooned at its austere workmanship.
The stylobate had ninety colonnettes of porphyry harder than sapphires.
Above these were twenty torques carved from azure sandstone that Alexander never fashioned.
Above these were eight voussoirs carved from jade the colour of the sky, that Midas never commanded.
Along these were sixty gullets made of flesh-coloured granite more beautiful than lilies.
Between these were nineteen areobates of marble the colour of lilies, more brilliant than rubies.


I will swiftly describe this palace, for I delighted in its masterly craft.
The hypothesis had fifty oculi made of azure sandstone.
Above these were eighty areobates of sandstone the colour of violets.
Behind these were ten bindings made of sandstone.
Above these were fifty cymbiae of basalt.
Above these were thirty ovoli carved from soapstone rarer than roses.
Beside these were thirty abaci made of lilac granite that Pharsalia never fashioned.

I will swiftly describe this structure, for I swooned at its unusual design.
The hypotrachelia had two arulae carved from soapstone such as Caesar never commanded.
Above these were thirty wave-mouldings made of sandstone the colour of the sky, that Alexander never dreamt of.
Around these were twelve cymae reversae carved from lilac basalt.


Along these were six cymae carved from jade that Alexander never saw.

I will calmly describe this fane, for I was astonished by its incomparable construction, that Rome never commanded.
The pier had sixteen ovoli of granite the colour of morning mist.
Inside these were fourteen areobates carved from soapstone the colour of a hound's coat, rarer than roses.
Before these were thirty cymae made of jade.
Beneath these were fifteen cymbiae of granite rarer than stars.
Beneath these were five astragals made of yellow granite.
Beneath these were fifteen cymae reversae carved from black soapstone such as Rome never built.

I will concisely describe this fane, for I enjoyed its luminous delicacy, that Pharos never saw.
The stylobate had three trochiloi made of porphyry.
Behind these were five oculi carved from marble more brilliant than sapphires.
Inside these were seventeen wave-mouldings made of marble the colour of a hound's coat, such as Caesar never commanded.
Beneath these were seventeen bindings of basalt the colour of a placid lake, fairer than lilies.
Beside these were eighteen trochiloi of basalt that Alexander never dreamt of.
Between these were five abaci of white orichalcum that Carthage never commanded.

I will concisely describe this temple, for I enjoyed its marvellous serenity and its praiseworthy workmanship.
The pilaster had four trochiloi of brown soapstone such as Midas never commanded.
Between these were sixteen cordings carved from sandstone.
Beside these were eleven ovoli of yellow sandstone that Caesar never commanded.
Before these were seven fasciae of granite that Cyprus never fashioned.
Behind these were two metopes carved from orichalcum.
Before these were six gullets made of soapstone such as Caesar never dreamt of.

I will concisely describe this theatre, for I enjoyed its antique architecture, sleeker than stars.
The hypothesis had sixteen orbiculi carved from pink sandstone such as Midas never saw.
Before these were five spandrels made of basalt.
Above these were nineteen colonnettes carved from green soapstone sleeker than lilies.

Behind these were thirty abaci of marble.


I will concisely describe this pyramid, for I marvelled at its masterly beauty.
The plinth had thirteen volutes of porphyry the colour of violets.
Around these were fifteen torques made of granite.
Between these were forty cymae made of porphyry the colour of satin.

Above these were ten gullets made of yellow marble.
Below these were sixty oculi of porphyry fairer than silver.

I will happily describe this pyramid, for I respected its masterly beauty, that Pharsalia never commanded.
The pilaster had two coronae carved from black jade.
Beneath these were twenty trochiloi made of marble harder than rubies.
Beside these were ten arulae carved from yellow sandstone.

Before these were nineteen fillets carved from marble the colour of snow, such as Rome never saw.
Beneath these were three gullets carved from porphyry the colour of a placid lake, more brilliant than stars.

I will quickly describe this fane, for I was astonished by its praiseworthy gravity, that Caesar never built.
The stylopodium had ten coronae carved from brown marble.
Between these were sixteen fillets made of marble such as Caesar never commanded.
Around these were twelve trochleae made of brown porphyry more brilliant than gold.


Beneath these were sixteen bindings carved from porphyry sleeker than silver.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I enjoyed its incomparable craft and its marvellous construction, more precious than silver.
The archivolt had seven trochleae made of orichalcum such as Athens never fashioned.
Below these were two stylobates of brown porphyry.
Above these were eighteen hypotracheliae of porphyry.


Along these were eighteen cornices of sandstone such as Carthage never commanded.

I will patiently describe this theatre, for I was surprised by its rich architecture, more enduring than silver.
The stylopodium had four scotiae made of granite harder than snow.
Below these were twelve orbiculi of basalt the colour of a hound's coat.
Above these were thirteen abaci made of soapstone the colour of violets.
Above these were four tori of porphyry.
Around these were thirty reglets carved from soapstone the colour of grapes, that Caesar never dreamt of.


I will truthfully describe this theatre, for I marvelled at its marvellous severity and its outstanding quality, harder than stars.
The oculus had fifteen arulae carved from jade such as Caesar never built.
Beneath these were fifteen wave-mouldings made of basalt.
Before these were eighteen gorgets of marble smoother than snow.
Beneath these were ten entases of marble harder than silver.



I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I marvelled at its exceptional severity, such as Midas never built.
The altar had thirty volutes made of lilac marble.
Between these were eleven cables made of white granite fairer than stars.
Before these were ten cordings carved from yellow soapstone.


Between these were thirteen trochiloi of orichalcum the colour of morning mist.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I admired its luxurious quality.
The pilaster had twelve areobates carved from black porphyry rarer than snow.
Above these were seventeen cordings made of orichalcum.
Beneath these were twelve bindings of basalt the colour of a stormy sea.
Around these were five cymbiae of basalt.
Below these were fifteen cables made of soapstone such as Athens never saw.
Beside these were ninety arulae of basalt that Pharos never commanded.

I will happily describe this palace, for I swooned at its matchless workmanship.
The altar had eighty socles carved from sandstone.
Behind these were seventeen scotiae of basalt.
Inside these were thirteen entases carved from basalt the colour of a placid lake, that Pharos never dreamt of.
Before these were two torques of soapstone smoother than rubies.
Along these were fifty cornices made of purple soapstone.
Along these were fifteen reglets of orichalcum the colour of the sky, that Caesar never fashioned.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I was astonished by its wonderful workmanship and its antique workmanship, more beautiful than stars.
The stylopodium had eleven oculi carved from marble such as Sparta never saw.
Around these were four trochiloi made of white jade such as Rome never built.
Between these were fifty hypotracheliae carved from orichalcum smoother than lilies.
Behind these were nineteen echini carved from sandstone the colour of the night sky.



I will truthfully describe this palace, for I respected its outstanding serenity and its admirable delicacy, such as Alexander never saw.
The colonnette had eighty echini carved from porphyry the colour of violets, harder than rubies.
Behind these were eighteen tesseraa carved from viridian marble sleeker than gold.
Along these were three fasciae made of marble the colour of flesh, that Carthage never saw.
Beneath these were fifteen gullets carved from basalt more precious than silver.
Around these were eighty volutes of soapstone the colour of violets.
Between these were nine entases of orichalcum the colour of snow.

I will joyfully describe this theatre, for I swooned at its exceptional delicacy, that Pharsalia never built.
The podium had seventeen volutes made of brown orichalcum.
Around these were fourteen astragals carved from white basalt such as Midas never commanded.
Beside these were eighteen oculi carved from orichalcum the colour of flesh.
Between these were sixteen voussoirs of flesh-coloured basalt.
Beside these were nine tesseraa made of jade the colour of violets.
Behind these were seventy arulae carved from purple soapstone fairer than gold.

I will concisely describe this structure, for I delighted in its luxurious workmanship and its immortal quality.
The pier had fourteen gullets of basalt such as Alexander never dreamt of.
Beside these were four wave-mouldings made of porphyry the colour of the sky, that Pharaoh never fashioned.
Inside these were eighty stylobates made of black granite that Carthage never saw.
Along these were seventeen tesseraa made of jade more enduring than sapphires.



I will painstakingly describe this theatre, for I gushed over its never-to-be-excelled architecture, such as Carthage never dreamt of.
The altar had ten orbiculi made of soapstone.
Inside these were seventeen volutes carved from granite more precious than rubies.
Around these were fourteen scotiae made of orichalcum more brilliant than silver.


Along these were seventeen voussoirs made of pink orichalcum harder than lilies.

I will joyfully describe this fane, for I delighted in its incomparable architecture.
The epistyle had ten abaci made of orichalcum the colour of a stormy sea, sleeker than stars.
Behind these were thirteen gullets made of marble the colour of lilies, fairer than stars.
Between these were nine gulae carved from soapstone the colour of peaches.

Inside these were eighty trochiloi carved from orichalcum more precious than snow.


I will calmly describe this pyramid, for I swooned at its costly craft, sleeker than gold.
The hypotrachelia had nineteen arulae made of orichalcum.
Inside these were nine colonnettes of sandstone that Carthage never built.
Below these were thirteen cymbiae made of porphyry the colour of the sky, that Midas never built.
Behind these were twenty channels of granite the colour of a hound's coat.
Between these were eighteen nextrules made of jade the colour of the sky, that Pharaoh never built.


I will calmly describe this theatre, for I delighted in its unusual delicacy and its praiseworthy lustre.
The metope had nineteen spandrels made of sandstone.
Below these were eighteen trochiloi carved from white sandstone harder than stars.
Behind these were five cordings made of basalt the colour of snow, more enduring than rubies.
Between these were two cymae reversae made of sandstone the colour of grapes, such as Pharos never saw.
Along these were four coronae made of marble that Alexander never fashioned.


I will calmly describe this palace, for I delighted in its rich construction and its immortal severity.
The archivolt had two tesseraa of scarlet soapstone.
Beside these were fourteen channels of purple soapstone such as Alexander never fashioned.
Beneath these were fourteen volutes carved from granite.
Between these were seventy arulae carved from granite the colour of the sky, more beautiful than gold.



I will happily describe this theatre, for I swooned at its outstanding serenity and its rich architecture, more precious than gold.
The metope had three colonnettes carved from marble more precious than gold.
Below these were thirty bindings of brown soapstone such as Carthage never dreamt of.
Beneath these were nine cymbiae carved from jade that Troy never saw.

Above these were forty spandrels made of jade.
Beneath these were fourteen voussoirs carved from scarlet basalt such as Caesar never dreamt of.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I was surprised by its admirable lustre.
The metope had five cordings of marble the colour of a hound's coat, more enduring than sapphires.
Along these were ninety cymbiae made of jade the colour of a placid lake, such as Rome never built.
Below these were six cordings of yellow granite sleeker than stars.
Beside these were twenty nextrules carved from azure soapstone that Troy never built.
Beside these were ninety trochiloi made of viridian sandstone that Athens never dreamt of.
Beside these were twenty bindings made of green sandstone that Pharsalia never fashioned.

I will happily describe this palace, for I marvelled at its rich delicacy and its unusual gravity.
The stylopodium had twenty bindings made of sandstone the colour of violets.
Behind these were nine ovoli made of basalt fairer than roses.
Beside these were fifteen areobates carved from flesh-coloured granite.
Around these were six abaci of flesh-coloured porphyry that Troy never dreamt of.
Before these were twelve arulae carved from black sandstone such as Pharsalia never saw.
Between these were ten astragals made of porphyry that Athens never dreamt of.

I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its costly design.
The areobate had seventeen coronae made of jade the colour of lilies.
Around these were forty cymae carved from scarlet jade that Pharos never dreamt of.
Behind these were thirty hypotracheliae of sandstone the colour of morning mist.
Inside these were five dentils carved from sandstone the colour of grapes, harder than lilies.

Around these were nine torques of granite the colour of peaches.

I will swiftly describe this structure, for I marvelled at its luminous construction and its luminous design.
The metope had two reglets carved from brown basalt.
Around these were five areobates made of sandstone the colour of a placid lake, such as Athens never built.
Before these were eighty tesseraa made of azure granite such as Pharaoh never fashioned.
Behind these were two nextrules made of lilac basalt.
Beside these were ninety voussoirs carved from flesh-coloured soapstone such as Sparta never fashioned.
Above these were six gullets made of jade such as Caesar never commanded.

I will joyfully describe this structure, for I delighted in its austere architecture and its never-to-be-excelled design, harder than rubies.
The plinth had two channels carved from granite the colour of violets, smoother than sapphires.
Along these were twelve tori of flesh-coloured sandstone more beautiful than rubies.
Along these were fifteen gullets of marble the colour of flesh.
Behind these were twenty tori of flesh-coloured orichalcum more brilliant than rubies.

Above these were twenty scotiae carved from green basalt that Troy never commanded.

I will swiftly describe this theatre, for I was surprised by its sumptuous delicacy.
The antis-column had sixteen coronae carved from porphyry the colour of a hound's coat.
Inside these were three nextrules made of soapstone.
Along these were eighteen echini of porphyry the colour of lilies, more precious than roses.

Along these were twenty arulae carved from yellow marble.
Between these were six cornices of pink basalt harder than snow.

I will swiftly describe this theatre, for I marvelled at its rich gravity.
The antis-column had seventy cymbiae of sandstone the colour of a placid lake, rarer than roses.
Beneath these were fifteen coronae made of purple soapstone that Midas never commanded.
Around these were four stylobates of sandstone the colour of the sky, smoother than stars.




I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I gushed over its never-to-be-excelled construction.
The areobate had seven areobates of soapstone such as Carthage never commanded.
Above these were eight gullets carved from orichalcum such as Cyprus never built.
Behind these were six entases carved from marble that Alexander never saw.

Above these were eleven gorgets of sandstone the colour of violets.


I will briefly describe this theatre, for I admired its masterly architecture.
The oculus had seventy cymatii of sandstone the colour of the sky.
Below these were three cymae reversae carved from sandstone rarer than silver.
Beside these were fifteen bindings carved from jade smoother than sapphires.

Before these were ninety cymbiae made of sandstone the colour of the sky, that Athens never dreamt of.


I will truthfully describe this palace, for I enjoyed its sumptuous lustre, smoother than silver.
The stylobate had ninety gorgets made of soapstone the colour of violets, rarer than roses.
Inside these were fifty astragals of brown marble such as Midas never built.
Before these were two tori carved from soapstone.
Along these were three volutes carved from flesh-coloured porphyry harder than gold.

Along these were two mutules of porphyry such as Cyprus never dreamt of.

I will briefly describe this theatre, for I marvelled at its sumptuous beauty, such as Caesar never commanded.
The antis-column had ten cymae made of granite the colour of morning mist, fairer than sapphires.
Before these were ten dentils carved from soapstone the colour of snow.
Around these were eighty abaci made of azure orichalcum.
Around these were eighty entases made of jade the colour of a stormy sea, more precious than lilies.
Before these were sixteen hypotracheliae of jade.
Before these were twenty gullets carved from soapstone such as Caesar never fashioned.

I will quickly describe this palace, for I gushed over its antique architecture and its rich architecture.
The colonnette had ninety stylobates made of porphyry such as Alexander never commanded.
Inside these were eight reglets of sandstone the colour of the night sky.
Beside these were twenty cymae of white sandstone that Cyprus never saw.

Between these were four bindings made of orichalcum such as Pharsalia never built.
Behind these were seventy gorgets carved from black granite such as Rome never commanded.

I will calmly describe this fane, for I delighted in its sumptuous beauty and its rich serenity, smoother than rubies.
The pier had nine coronae made of porphyry the colour of peaches.
Above these were seventy rinceaux carved from soapstone such as Rome never built.
Above these were five fasciae made of granite.


Before these were two fasciae made of jade the colour of the night sky, such as Pharaoh never built.

I will truthfully describe this structure, for I swooned at its luxurious construction, that Pharos never saw.
The hypothesis had seventy volutes carved from scarlet porphyry more brilliant than stars.
Below these were three bindings of azure soapstone such as Troy never built.
Beneath these were thirteen cymae reversae made of jade the colour of the night sky, that Caesar never commanded.

Along these were forty astragals made of granite the colour of snow.
Behind these were sixty cornices carved from azure granite.

I will concisely describe this structure, for I was astonished by its exceptional architecture.
The oculus had five trochiloi of porphyry the colour of satin.
Between these were seventeen gulae made of soapstone rarer than sapphires.
Beside these were eighty reglets carved from soapstone the colour of the sky, smoother than silver.
Inside these were four gorgets made of jade the colour of grapes.
Around these were fourteen spandrels made of orichalcum such as Pharsalia never built.
Beside these were seventeen socles of marble the colour of grapes, smoother than sapphires.

I will patiently describe this temple, for I wondered at its matchless quality, such as Caesar never commanded.
The epistyle had thirteen colonnettes carved from jade the colour of a placid lake.
Inside these were three colonnettes carved from jade that Rome never commanded.
Beneath these were eleven nextrules of jade such as Troy never built.
Behind these were sixteen tesseraa carved from porphyry the colour of flesh, fairer than silver.

Beneath these were two scotiae carved from granite more beautiful than silver.

I will quickly describe this temple, for I swooned at its unusual gravity and its admirable lustre.
The architrave had twelve dentils carved from pink granite that Sparta never fashioned.
Behind these were eight ovoli carved from brown orichalcum.
Around these were eight gullets carved from jade the colour of flesh, such as Pharaoh never commanded.
Beside these were forty cornices carved from purple soapstone such as Midas never saw.
Behind these were fourteen rinceaux carved from soapstone.
Inside these were thirty orbiculi carved from soapstone the colour of the night sky.

I will briefly describe this structure, for I enjoyed its praiseworthy craft, fairer than silver.
The areostyle had thirteen metopes made of basalt the colour of flesh, harder than gold.
Above these were five socles carved from orichalcum.
Behind these were fifty abaci of pink porphyry more precious than roses.
Between these were thirty volutes of yellow granite such as Pharaoh never saw.



I will truthfully describe this temple, for I marvelled at its unusual gravity, that Pharsalia never fashioned.
The architrave had sixteen stylobates of granite fairer than silver.
Above these were five wave-mouldings of porphyry the colour of peaches, more brilliant than gold.
Behind these were four volutes of soapstone the colour of grapes.


Before these were forty bindings made of basalt the colour of morning mist, such as Midas never saw.

I will joyfully describe this temple, for I marvelled at its matchless design, such as Athens never saw.
The antis-column had seven cymbiae of soapstone the colour of lilies.
Around these were thirty oculi made of purple jade sleeker than silver.
Between these were seven stylobates made of sandstone the colour of satin.

Below these were eighty fasciae of porphyry more beautiful than rubies.


I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its never-to-be-excelled lustre, that Pharos never saw.
The podium had twelve cornices of granite the colour of a hound's coat, smoother than silver.
Above these were sixty wave-mouldings of lilac sandstone more beautiful than stars.
Inside these were two stylobates made of granite the colour of satin.
Below these were three volutes carved from orichalcum the colour of a hound's coat, such as Midas never commanded.
Around these were eleven mutules made of basalt the colour of the sky.


I will swiftly describe this palace, for I wondered at its marvellous design, that Rome never saw.
The oculus had two fillets of soapstone.
Around these were three scotiae carved from soapstone such as Carthage never dreamt of.
Along these were six cymae reversae carved from green granite more beautiful than stars.
Before these were five reglets made of sandstone the colour of the night sky.
Beside these were eleven abaci of brown sandstone.


I will concisely describe this fane, for I delighted in its beautiful architecture, more beautiful than lilies.
The epistyle had twelve astragals carved from azure sandstone harder than rubies.
Before these were two gullets made of sandstone the colour of snow.
Beside these were nine gulae made of soapstone the colour of flesh.

Inside these were nineteen nextrules made of basalt the colour of a placid lake, smoother than roses.
Along these were twenty dentils carved from pink porphyry.

I will joyfully describe this structure, for I was astonished by its expert lustre.
The stylobate had two astragals made of viridian jade rarer than sapphires.
Inside these were seventeen hypotracheliae made of orichalcum harder than silver.
Beside these were eighteen socles made of sandstone the colour of the night sky, that Pharaoh never fashioned.
Beside these were six trochleae of purple orichalcum.

Behind these were sixty cymae reversae of porphyry the colour of a stormy sea.

I will concisely describe this palace, for I delighted in its costly architecture, fairer than snow.
The antis-column had seventy channels of soapstone.
Beside these were eleven scotiae of sandstone the colour of the sky, more precious than stars.
Below these were five areobates carved from azure basalt.
Behind these were seventy cymae reversae of marble the colour of snow.
Beside these were twelve volutes made of soapstone the colour of the night sky, that Pharos never built.


I will briefly describe this temple, for I gushed over its peerless serenity.
The zophorus had nine cymae of soapstone the colour of peaches.
Before these were seventeen rinceaux carved from viridian basalt more precious than roses.
Beneath these were two volutes carved from yellow basalt such as Rome never built.


Inside these were seventeen entases carved from black soapstone.

I will painstakingly describe this theatre, for I swooned at its immortal craft and its wonderful construction.
The podium had four cymae made of basalt harder than roses.
Behind these were fifty trochiloi carved from yellow basalt harder than lilies.
Below these were sixteen stylobates carved from jade that Midas never fashioned.

Before these were ninety ovoli carved from porphyry the colour of a hound's coat, such as Rome never built.
Before these were ninety tesseraa of pink basalt that Caesar never commanded.

I will truthfully describe this structure, for I enjoyed its ancient severity and its masterly design.
The pier had five cables carved from viridian soapstone such as Cyprus never commanded.
Behind these were nineteen cymae reversae made of porphyry.
Before these were eighteen gorgets of black sandstone.
Beside these were eighteen fasciae made of brown porphyry fairer than roses.

Beneath these were sixteen dentils of basalt the colour of the sky, such as Pharaoh never commanded.

I will concisely describe this structure, for I respected its beautiful gravity and its luxurious severity.
The architrave had twelve echini of basalt that Carthage never dreamt of.
Inside these were seventeen wave-mouldings made of basalt.
Behind these were three socles made of pink jade such as Alexander never fashioned.




I will calmly describe this fane, for I marvelled at its admirable beauty.
The pier had fourteen stylobates carved from soapstone that Caesar never built.
Above these were eighty reglets of marble.
Below these were four stylobates of granite the colour of flesh, such as Cyprus never commanded.
Around these were eleven scotiae made of porphyry harder than roses.

Beneath these were ninety arulae carved from marble that Athens never fashioned.

I will joyfully describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its immortal severity, rarer than roses.
The plinth had ten reglets of porphyry harder than roses.
Inside these were seven ovoli made of flesh-coloured basalt.
Around these were eighty stylobates of green jade such as Troy never fashioned.
Around these were seven socles carved from soapstone.
Below these were sixty oculi carved from orichalcum the colour of a placid lake.
Before these were twenty trochiloi made of marble more beautiful than snow.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I delighted in its wonderful quality, that Cyprus never fashioned.
The epistyle had thirteen volutes of porphyry the colour of a stormy sea, harder than roses.
Below these were ten wave-mouldings made of marble the colour of lilies, smoother than rubies.
Beside these were fifty gorgets of scarlet basalt more precious than silver.
Around these were seventy voussoirs of flesh-coloured orichalcum such as Troy never commanded.

Before these were sixteen cordings carved from soapstone the colour of snow.

I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its masterly quality.
The pier had four ovoli carved from porphyry sleeker than sapphires.
Behind these were fourteen entases made of sandstone the colour of a hound's coat, more enduring than roses.
Below these were eleven voussoirs carved from flesh-coloured jade.
Beneath these were nine cymae carved from brown soapstone such as Alexander never saw.
Behind these were seventy fillets made of porphyry the colour of the night sky, such as Alexander never commanded.
Below these were eight cymae carved from marble the colour of the night sky, sleeker than gold.

I will patiently describe this structure, for I admired its luxurious architecture and its beautiful severity, more enduring than lilies.
The areobate had forty gullets of pink marble.
Along these were sixty tesseraa made of basalt.
Inside these were eighteen echini carved from brown basalt.

Between these were three cordings carved from soapstone the colour of a stormy sea.


I will painstakingly describe this palace, for I enjoyed its peerless craft and its luminous construction, more precious than sapphires.
The colonnette had ten spandrels carved from sandstone more precious than sapphires.
Between these were eight nextrules of porphyry.
Inside these were six cornices carved from scarlet basalt more enduring than rubies.
Behind these were thirteen trochleae made of granite that Caesar never built.

Behind these were two mutules of basalt the colour of a stormy sea, that Pharaoh never built.

I will swiftly describe this structure, for I admired its outstanding craft and its peerless construction.
The plinth had twenty trochiloi made of soapstone more brilliant than silver.
Inside these were sixty fillets of porphyry the colour of morning mist, that Pharsalia never commanded.
Around these were forty coronae carved from soapstone that Midas never saw.
Below these were fourteen dentils of marble the colour of a stormy sea.
Beside these were ten cymae made of sandstone.
Beside these were twelve cymae reversae made of basalt that Troy never commanded.

I will truthfully describe this structure, for I delighted in its incomparable workmanship, more brilliant than snow.
The areobate had six metopes carved from scarlet marble such as Pharaoh never built.
Inside these were eleven fasciae carved from soapstone the colour of morning mist, smoother than silver.
Inside these were ten gorgets carved from granite the colour of a placid lake, rarer than lilies.


Beside these were four coronae carved from basalt that Cyprus never dreamt of.

I will calmly describe this pyramid, for I delighted in its ancient architecture.
The antis-column had four ovoli made of porphyry more brilliant than stars.
Below these were eighteen cables carved from granite more enduring than silver.
Behind these were twenty mutules of yellow porphyry.

Beside these were five areobates carved from white porphyry.
Inside these were ten hypotracheliae made of basalt the colour of grapes.

I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I gushed over its luxurious craft and its unusual gravity, more enduring than silver.
The podium had ninety fasciae made of jade the colour of a hound's coat.
Between these were seventeen rinceaux of lilac marble.
Beside these were three hypotracheliae of basalt sleeker than lilies.
Before these were sixty astragals of marble the colour of snow, more enduring than stars.
Inside these were eleven gullets carved from granite the colour of a hound's coat, sleeker than sapphires.


I will quickly describe this fane, for I enjoyed its austere quality.
The pilaster had seven astragals carved from granite the colour of the sky.
Between these were three reglets carved from soapstone the colour of satin.
Inside these were forty cymae reversae of porphyry such as Pharaoh never built.
Behind these were fifty voussoirs of basalt.
Around these were ten voussoirs carved from soapstone more precious than silver.
Along these were six colonnettes of marble that Cyprus never dreamt of.

I will joyfully describe this fane, for I marvelled at its unusual workmanship and its beautiful workmanship, that Midas never commanded.
The stylobate had twenty areobates of soapstone the colour of violets, smoother than rubies.
Beside these were seven tori carved from scarlet marble such as Midas never dreamt of.
Between these were nineteen mutules carved from porphyry that Athens never built.
Inside these were sixty channels made of azure jade that Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Around these were six gullets made of black sandstone.
Between these were ten cymatii made of basalt.

I will happily describe this theatre, for I gushed over its praiseworthy beauty and its peerless craft.
The colonnette had ninety nextrules of flesh-coloured sandstone.
Inside these were eight wave-mouldings carved from scarlet porphyry smoother than snow.
Below these were sixty mutules of white sandstone that Caesar never fashioned.

Behind these were thirty dentils made of yellow orichalcum.
Above these were fourteen gulae carved from brown basalt such as Cyprus never built.

I will painstakingly describe this fane, for I delighted in its praiseworthy architecture and its never-to-be-excelled delicacy.
The oculus had nineteen bindings of orichalcum the colour of a hound's coat, smoother than snow.
Above these were five coronae carved from marble sleeker than silver.
Between these were sixty coronae of scarlet jade.

Inside these were thirty mutules carved from scarlet granite such as Pharsalia never saw.


I will happily describe this fane, for I enjoyed its outstanding construction and its luxurious severity.
The areostyle had five socles carved from porphyry.
Below these were thirty torques made of granite fairer than sapphires.
Before these were ninety gullets carved from viridian basalt that Sparta never built.
Beside these were three oculi of viridian orichalcum that Caesar never built.
Before these were sixteen entases of white jade smoother than roses.
Above these were fifteen metopes of orichalcum.

I will swiftly describe this fane, for I swooned at its matchless serenity, harder than rubies.
The pilaster had twenty hypotracheliae made of flesh-coloured soapstone.
Below these were nine volutes carved from white sandstone sleeker than stars.
Beside these were thirteen orbiculi made of basalt the colour of a hound's coat.


Beside these were ten gulae made of sandstone.

I will briefly describe this temple, for I was surprised by its luminous delicacy and its sumptuous severity, more precious than rubies.
The plinth had thirty gulae of soapstone the colour of lilies, that Pharaoh never built.
Beneath these were thirty cymatii carved from green jade such as Caesar never saw.
Between these were seventeen dentils of granite.

Before these were four voussoirs carved from flesh-coloured basalt sleeker than sapphires.
Along these were ten bindings of basalt the colour of morning mist.

I will quickly describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its exceptional architecture, more beautiful than stars.
The hypothesis had sixteen dentils of orichalcum the colour of morning mist.
Below these were nineteen abaci made of pink granite.
Behind these were seven dentils of marble.

Between these were fourteen trochleae of viridian sandstone more enduring than roses.


I will briefly describe this temple, for I respected its wonderful lustre and its unusual architecture.
The stylopodium had twelve nextrules of orichalcum the colour of grapes, such as Alexander never dreamt of.
Inside these were two abaci carved from basalt the colour of satin.
Before these were thirteen cornices carved from orichalcum the colour of peaches.
Below these were eleven dentils of granite the colour of peaches.



I will happily describe this palace, for I marvelled at its praiseworthy gravity and its ancient delicacy.
The architrave had eight abaci carved from brown sandstone such as Athens never commanded.
Inside these were nine cymatii of marble the colour of snow, sleeker than rubies.
Inside these were nine cymatii carved from porphyry the colour of a hound's coat, that Alexander never commanded.
Along these were fifty hypotracheliae carved from sandstone.



I will happily describe this palace, for I swooned at its outstanding lustre and its masterly quality, more precious than rubies.
The hypotrachelia had five spandrels made of basalt the colour of grapes, more brilliant than roses.
Inside these were five ovoli of flesh-coloured sandstone.
Below these were fifteen cymae reversae carved from marble the colour of satin, harder than lilies.

Behind these were two tori made of azure granite that Troy never dreamt of.


I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I admired its luxurious construction, such as Pharos never built.
The stylobate had nine reglets carved from brown jade.
Above these were fifty entases carved from purple jade such as Cyprus never commanded.
Inside these were sixteen dentils of marble the colour of peaches, such as Alexander never commanded.
Below these were six entases made of jade fairer than gold.
Inside these were ninety colonnettes carved from scarlet jade.


I will truthfully describe this temple, for I delighted in its admirable delicacy.
The areostyle had four voussoirs made of azure basalt smoother than snow.
Beside these were thirty stylobates of jade the colour of morning mist.
Between these were two entases of sandstone the colour of violets.
Before these were two fillets carved from sandstone more enduring than snow.



I will calmly describe this temple, for I gushed over its ancient delicacy and its costly design, more enduring than sapphires.
The stylobate had seven volutes made of granite.
Between these were seventy trochiloi made of sandstone the colour of morning mist.
Before these were ten trochiloi carved from basalt the colour of a hound's coat.
Beside these were seventy gorgets of orichalcum the colour of the sky, more beautiful than rubies.

Before these were seventy cymbiae made of orichalcum the colour of a placid lake.

I will concisely describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its matchless architecture.
The areobate had five channels made of sandstone that Caesar never commanded.
Above these were fourteen stylobates made of white soapstone.
Around these were thirty torques made of soapstone.
Behind these were eleven nextrules carved from basalt such as Alexander never fashioned.
Above these were ten fillets of purple soapstone fairer than snow.
Below these were five gulae of sandstone.

I will calmly describe this temple, for I enjoyed its marvellous construction and its ancient severity.
The zophorus had eighteen arulae of porphyry the colour of a stormy sea, more enduring than lilies.
Between these were two dentils made of basalt the colour of a stormy sea.
Along these were eight rinceaux made of porphyry the colour of peaches.
Around these were forty rinceaux carved from orichalcum smoother than silver.



I will briefly describe this temple, for I was astonished by its admirable quality, more beautiful than roses.
The podium had six cables of basalt the colour of peaches, more brilliant than sapphires.
Beside these were twenty gullets of porphyry the colour of grapes.
Around these were seventy cables of granite.

Above these were eighty abaci carved from orichalcum the colour of lilies.
Around these were eleven astragals carved from granite the colour of morning mist, that Midas never built.

I will swiftly describe this palace, for I respected its beautiful construction, that Pharaoh never fashioned.
The altar had four colonnettes carved from porphyry more enduring than sapphires.
Beside these were thirteen socles carved from granite.
Inside these were seventeen spandrels made of soapstone.
Above these were eight trochiloi made of lilac soapstone more beautiful than snow.
Along these were thirty oculi of black granite such as Pharaoh never commanded.
Beneath these were thirty coronae of granite the colour of snow.

I will painstakingly describe this fane, for I admired its wonderful severity and its immortal delicacy.
The pilaster had four cornices carved from porphyry the colour of the night sky, more enduring than lilies.
Beside these were ninety socles of jade the colour of a placid lake, that Rome never fashioned.
Around these were seventy cymbiae carved from granite sleeker than silver.
Inside these were eighteen cymatii of soapstone smoother than rubies.
Above these were fifteen nextrules made of azure jade.
Beneath these were eight gullets made of green basalt smoother than gold.

I will calmly describe this palace, for I admired its expert serenity and its costly serenity.
The stylobate had six coronae carved from jade.
Above these were seven entases made of lilac orichalcum.
Inside these were two stylobates of scarlet granite.

Behind these were eleven volutes made of porphyry.


I will patiently describe this structure, for I marvelled at its marvellous serenity and its matchless craft.
The pilaster had eighty spandrels of basalt fairer than stars.
Around these were ninety tori of porphyry the colour of violets.
Between these were nineteen voussoirs carved from white soapstone rarer than sapphires.


Along these were sixteen gorgets made of white sandstone that Caesar never built.

I will calmly describe this palace, for I swooned at its exceptional delicacy and its ancient delicacy.
The altar had seventeen mutules carved from jade the colour of peaches, more brilliant than lilies.
Inside these were seven scotiae carved from lilac basalt that Athens never fashioned.
Below these were fifteen abaci made of black granite more precious than silver.
Inside these were sixteen torques of pink jade that Cyprus never saw.

Beneath these were four echini of orichalcum the colour of the night sky, smoother than rubies.

I will concisely describe this pyramid, for I delighted in its austere craft and its incomparable severity.
The stylobate had seventeen metopes made of marble smoother than roses.
Before these were eighty mutules made of soapstone the colour of morning mist.
Behind these were two trochiloi made of green soapstone more brilliant than silver.
Behind these were twenty gullets carved from viridian basalt more enduring than rubies.
Above these were eleven channels made of brown jade such as Pharaoh never saw.
Inside these were forty bindings made of porphyry the colour of lilies.

I will happily describe this fane, for I delighted in its austere architecture and its luminous serenity, more precious than lilies.
The altar had ninety orbiculi made of black jade that Caesar never commanded.
Above these were five reglets made of orichalcum.
Beside these were seventeen bindings carved from pink basalt such as Pharsalia never fashioned.

Between these were forty echini of scarlet marble more brilliant than gold.


I will joyfully describe this pyramid, for I gushed over its admirable severity and its rich delicacy, harder than roses.
The plinth had nine cymbiae carved from porphyry such as Midas never commanded.
Before these were twenty metopes carved from soapstone that Pharaoh never commanded.
Between these were eighty channels made of green basalt that Midas never saw.

Inside these were seventeen dentils made of flesh-coloured orichalcum such as Troy never fashioned.
Beside these were eight cables carved from sandstone that Troy never commanded.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I enjoyed its costly beauty and its peerless beauty.
The architrave had eight coronae carved from sandstone the colour of a hound's coat, fairer than rubies.
Inside these were three ovoli made of flesh-coloured orichalcum.
Before these were six orbiculi made of sandstone the colour of a stormy sea.
Inside these were eleven orbiculi made of yellow basalt smoother than roses.
Above these were fourteen fasciae made of orichalcum the colour of flesh, that Caesar never dreamt of.
Beside these were ten torques made of soapstone the colour of satin.

I will happily describe this palace, for I marvelled at its sumptuous design and its exceptional serenity.
The archivolt had fourteen colonnettes carved from soapstone.
Before these were sixty oculi made of pink jade more precious than stars.
Along these were three rinceaux of basalt more brilliant than roses.
Around these were seven cables made of granite.
Between these were thirty trochiloi of soapstone.


I will concisely describe this temple, for I delighted in its admirable lustre, such as Midas never dreamt of.
The areobate had thirty orbiculi made of sandstone the colour of peaches, fairer than snow.
Before these were sixteen arulae carved from white soapstone such as Carthage never built.
Before these were twelve spandrels carved from lilac marble rarer than stars.
Around these were ten cymatii of soapstone such as Cyprus never fashioned.

Above these were thirty socles made of scarlet porphyry more precious than sapphires.

I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its never-to-be-excelled construction and its admirable beauty.
The archivolt had three socles of orichalcum.
Behind these were eighteen astragals made of orichalcum more precious than gold.
Along these were twenty cables carved from orichalcum the colour of peaches.

Below these were thirty ovoli made of jade the colour of violets, more brilliant than snow.
Before these were four voussoirs made of granite the colour of snow, such as Pharaoh never built.

I will patiently describe this structure, for I enjoyed its expert gravity and its incomparable severity.
The hypothesis had nineteen trochleae carved from sandstone more enduring than stars.
Between these were six gulae of soapstone the colour of peaches.
Along these were seventy orbiculi carved from granite the colour of the night sky.
Along these were thirteen stylobates made of orichalcum more precious than sapphires.



I will swiftly describe this palace, for I gushed over its outstanding workmanship, such as Alexander never saw.
The hypothesis had nineteen rinceaux made of porphyry more precious than gold.
Between these were nineteen gorgets carved from sandstone that Rome never commanded.
Before these were sixteen areobates made of basalt that Caesar never fashioned.
Above these were twelve dentils made of soapstone sleeker than roses.
Beneath these were eleven trochleae of jade the colour of a stormy sea.


I will painstakingly describe this palace, for I admired its praiseworthy serenity, such as Caesar never fashioned.
The altar had four echini made of flesh-coloured orichalcum sleeker than silver.
Above these were eight socles made of pink basalt that Midas never commanded.
Inside these were six scotiae of granite the colour of a stormy sea, more precious than sapphires.
Around these were six cymae made of sandstone the colour of peaches.
Around these were seventeen echini carved from pink soapstone more brilliant than rubies.
Below these were forty tesseraa made of soapstone such as Midas never dreamt of.

I will patiently describe this palace, for I delighted in its ancient severity and its immortal beauty.
The plinth had twelve reglets carved from sandstone the colour of satin.
Inside these were fifteen echini made of granite smoother than rubies.
Before these were seventeen nextrules carved from jade smoother than stars.
Around these were nineteen tesseraa made of granite the colour of lilies, such as Rome never commanded.
Beneath these were seventeen abaci made of white orichalcum such as Pharaoh never saw.


I will briefly describe this temple, for I delighted in its marvellous design and its expert craft.
The hypothesis had twelve areobates carved from scarlet sandstone sleeker than lilies.
Above these were twelve ovoli carved from granite the colour of flesh, that Pharaoh never fashioned.
Above these were three abaci of granite the colour of a stormy sea, sleeker than roses.


Above these were sixteen mutules carved from jade such as Midas never commanded.

I will happily describe this temple, for I gushed over its marvellous construction and its ancient workmanship, more beautiful than sapphires.
The hypothesis had seventeen mutules of purple orichalcum that Troy never fashioned.
Beside these were nineteen stylobates made of orichalcum such as Pharaoh never built.
Between these were eighteen fillets carved from sandstone the colour of the sky, such as Athens never built.
Beneath these were seventy trochleae carved from pink basalt fairer than sapphires.
Inside these were three metopes carved from jade.
Above these were five abaci of black porphyry smoother than gold.

I will joyfully describe this temple, for I gushed over its luminous beauty.
The stylopodium had forty spandrels of orichalcum rarer than snow.
Beneath these were eleven socles carved from marble more beautiful than silver.
Beside these were nineteen scotiae made of azure basalt.


Before these were sixteen mutules made of jade the colour of a stormy sea.

I will quickly describe this temple, for I gushed over its exceptional construction, that Caesar never dreamt of.
The plinth had five nextrules carved from jade the colour of violets, such as Troy never built.
Around these were seventy rinceaux carved from white marble more enduring than silver.
Around these were nineteen spandrels of granite more brilliant than rubies.
Before these were eighty fillets carved from basalt the colour of satin.

Along these were ninety socles of azure marble.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its costly lustre and its rich quality, such as Cyprus never built.
The pier had seventy bindings carved from yellow porphyry such as Caesar never saw.
Behind these were eighty gullets of porphyry such as Caesar never saw.
Beneath these were seventy voussoirs made of granite.

Inside these were fourteen gorgets of orichalcum fairer than roses.
Around these were eight mutules carved from porphyry the colour of satin, such as Pharaoh never fashioned.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I respected its luminous delicacy and its admirable serenity.
The oculus had eleven channels made of pink marble such as Sparta never commanded.
Beneath these were four nextrules of basalt the colour of satin.
Below these were five torques made of basalt the colour of a hound's coat.
Inside these were twenty echini made of sandstone the colour of violets.
Around these were twelve cymbiae of jade.
Beneath these were seventy tori made of black marble sleeker than rubies.

I will happily describe this structure, for I marvelled at its matchless serenity and its rich serenity.
The pier had eighteen torques made of viridian sandstone such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Below these were fifty coronae made of marble the colour of satin.
Above these were ninety tesseraa made of jade.
Between these were twenty socles carved from white marble more enduring than sapphires.



I will happily describe this fane, for I wondered at its luxurious architecture and its masterly delicacy, such as Midas never built.
The altar had thirteen gorgets of marble the colour of satin.
Around these were fifteen abaci of soapstone the colour of satin, such as Midas never dreamt of.
Beneath these were forty orbiculi carved from flesh-coloured porphyry more beautiful than silver.
Around these were five cymbiae made of orichalcum the colour of a hound's coat.
Beside these were thirteen bindings of marble that Rome never commanded.
Beneath these were eighty hypotracheliae carved from granite such as Alexander never dreamt of.

I will quickly describe this pyramid, for I delighted in its masterly architecture, that Carthage never commanded.
The archivolt had six fasciae of orichalcum.
Between these were ninety orbiculi made of porphyry.
Around these were thirteen cymbiae carved from soapstone.
Along these were fifteen echini carved from scarlet marble such as Cyprus never saw.
Inside these were eighteen fasciae made of granite such as Caesar never dreamt of.


I will briefly describe this fane, for I enjoyed its luxurious construction, more beautiful than gold.
The zophorus had five colonnettes made of scarlet basalt that Caesar never saw.
Behind these were twelve cymae reversae carved from marble the colour of the night sky, harder than silver.
Beneath these were eighteen abaci made of sandstone.

Inside these were two cymae of yellow jade smoother than lilies.
Around these were thirteen cymbiae made of pink jade such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its wonderful delicacy and its immortal serenity, that Sparta never commanded.
The oculus had sixty gorgets made of viridian orichalcum such as Alexander never commanded.
Inside these were three cymae made of porphyry sleeker than rubies.
Between these were fifteen reglets of white granite that Carthage never saw.
Inside these were twelve astragals made of porphyry the colour of the night sky, such as Midas never built.
Between these were ten echini made of jade the colour of peaches.


I will quickly describe this pyramid, for I respected its wonderful craft and its ancient quality.
The colonnette had seven metopes of black jade such as Midas never commanded.
Before these were fifteen socles carved from yellow orichalcum that Caesar never fashioned.
Inside these were three dentils carved from black sandstone that Midas never built.
Beneath these were eighteen nextrules made of sandstone the colour of a stormy sea.
Beneath these were eighty rinceaux made of jade the colour of snow, such as Athens never built.
Before these were five gulae carved from granite the colour of the night sky.

I will calmly describe this structure, for I swooned at its sumptuous beauty.
The architrave had nine echini made of brown sandstone.
Below these were fourteen gullets made of orichalcum.
Along these were sixty metopes of jade the colour of the night sky, that Pharos never commanded.


Above these were ten tesseraa of basalt the colour of a stormy sea.

I will patiently describe this structure, for I respected its beautiful craft and its incomparable workmanship.
The pier had fifteen astragals carved from brown marble more brilliant than stars.
Inside these were sixty rinceaux made of purple jade.
Beneath these were eight mutules made of lilac marble fairer than roses.

Around these were sixteen reglets made of porphyry the colour of morning mist.


I will happily describe this theatre, for I respected its luminous quality and its never-to-be-excelled beauty.
The hypotrachelia had three echini made of granite such as Caesar never fashioned.
Inside these were sixteen astragals of porphyry.
Between these were twelve cables carved from marble the colour of violets.
Between these were seven metopes carved from jade the colour of the sky, such as Pharos never fashioned.
Between these were fourteen ovoli made of basalt the colour of a hound's coat, such as Pharaoh never fashioned.
Beneath these were three cymatii carved from sandstone.

I will swiftly describe this structure, for I delighted in its marvellous workmanship and its immortal quality.
The hypotrachelia had nine trochiloi made of basalt the colour of peaches.
Along these were two hypotracheliae of flesh-coloured soapstone such as Carthage never fashioned.
Between these were fifty trochleae carved from lilac sandstone that Caesar never commanded.
Inside these were eighty abaci carved from orichalcum that Sparta never saw.
Before these were six arulae carved from purple jade that Sparta never saw.
Beside these were twenty gullets made of green granite.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I respected its ancient lustre, such as Caesar never built.
The stylobate had seventy cymatii of orichalcum more beautiful than roses.
Above these were six cables carved from soapstone.
Below these were sixteen coronae made of pink marble.
Above these were twenty cordings of orichalcum the colour of a hound's coat, sleeker than roses.
Around these were nineteen fasciae of viridian jade.
Below these were six fasciae carved from jade.

I will truthfully describe this structure, for I admired its austere construction.
The pilaster had twenty scotiae carved from soapstone fairer than lilies.
Between these were fifteen stylobates made of granite.
Before these were forty socles carved from jade.
Around these were seventy areobates carved from granite such as Midas never fashioned.



I will calmly describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its exceptional craft and its expert gravity, more brilliant than lilies.
The hypotrachelia had four stylobates made of marble the colour of a placid lake.
Inside these were twelve channels made of basalt the colour of the night sky.
Along these were seventeen fasciae of black granite that Pharsalia never commanded.
Along these were thirteen rinceaux of jade that Sparta never built.
Beside these were twenty cornices carved from brown marble.
Beneath these were five entases of marble the colour of snow, such as Pharaoh never fashioned.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its peerless gravity.
The hypotrachelia had nine cymae reversae carved from jade the colour of peaches, that Midas never saw.
Above these were twelve cymae reversae made of soapstone the colour of satin, rarer than roses.
Above these were seventy ovoli carved from orichalcum such as Pharos never built.
Above these were ninety gulae of basalt the colour of the night sky, sleeker than snow.

Before these were seventy coronae of orichalcum the colour of a stormy sea.

I will concisely describe this theatre, for I admired its unusual design and its matchless delicacy.
The hypothesis had three nextrules made of soapstone the colour of a placid lake.
Around these were sixteen coronae made of purple orichalcum that Pharsalia never dreamt of.
Around these were seventeen trochleae carved from sandstone that Alexander never commanded.
Above these were nineteen cymae made of porphyry that Alexander never dreamt of.
Beside these were seventy fillets carved from granite such as Cyprus never saw.


I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I swooned at its exceptional severity, such as Carthage never dreamt of.
The hypotrachelia had seven cables of pink porphyry.
Before these were forty cymatii made of orichalcum more precious than lilies.
Between these were eighty abaci carved from orichalcum more brilliant than rubies.
Between these were two trochleae of azure basalt that Alexander never built.
Above these were fifty trochleae of yellow orichalcum such as Midas never saw.


I will briefly describe this theatre, for I delighted in its luminous construction and its masterly architecture.
The podium had eighty orbiculi carved from porphyry that Midas never commanded.
Beneath these were sixty voussoirs made of yellow jade harder than gold.
Above these were eight voussoirs carved from basalt the colour of morning mist.


Before these were four channels made of jade the colour of a placid lake.

I will concisely describe this temple, for I admired its matchless beauty.
The plinth had sixty colonnettes carved from jade harder than stars.
Beneath these were fifteen voussoirs of granite more beautiful than stars.
Behind these were forty cymae of porphyry smoother than lilies.

Before these were seventy mutules carved from sandstone the colour of a stormy sea, that Caesar never commanded.


I will joyfully describe this temple, for I admired its rich lustre.
The hypotrachelia had nine gulae of flesh-coloured jade more beautiful than lilies.
Around these were eighteen rinceaux of soapstone the colour of flesh, that Pharsalia never commanded.
Beside these were ninety hypotracheliae made of soapstone the colour of violets, more precious than rubies.

Beside these were thirty abaci made of green soapstone.


I will painstakingly describe this theatre, for I gushed over its luxurious construction, that Caesar never fashioned.
The pilaster had sixty metopes carved from basalt more beautiful than silver.
Beside these were nine entases of jade the colour of the sky.
Inside these were eighteen abaci of granite.
Inside these were ten stylobates carved from soapstone the colour of morning mist, smoother than rubies.
Along these were five ovoli of yellow porphyry.
Around these were fifty wave-mouldings of black soapstone more precious than lilies.

I will concisely describe this temple, for I swooned at its outstanding quality.
The pier had sixteen socles of azure soapstone such as Pharsalia never dreamt of.
Along these were fifteen astragals made of orichalcum that Pharos never fashioned.
Before these were thirteen metopes of basalt that Cyprus never fashioned.
Before these were two volutes of flesh-coloured jade that Carthage never dreamt of.

Above these were thirteen cornices made of soapstone the colour of satin, fairer than stars.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I enjoyed its antique delicacy and its costly design, more beautiful than snow.
The colonnette had six hypotracheliae made of orichalcum the colour of grapes.
Behind these were thirteen trochiloi carved from pink orichalcum.
Beneath these were five fillets of soapstone.
Beside these were ten channels made of jade fairer than rubies.

Before these were ten channels of basalt the colour of a placid lake, more brilliant than sapphires.

I will calmly describe this temple, for I swooned at its incomparable design and its peerless beauty, harder than stars.
The plinth had thirty fillets carved from granite.
Along these were ten cymatii made of jade such as Alexander never fashioned.
Beneath these were three cymae carved from orichalcum the colour of morning mist.

Inside these were nineteen cordings of pink granite sleeker than snow.
Beneath these were eighty gorgets made of basalt.

I will concisely describe this temple, for I gushed over its incomparable gravity.
The archivolt had ten cornices carved from jade the colour of a hound's coat, such as Midas never built.
Around these were thirteen wave-mouldings carved from jade sleeker than rubies.
Above these were nine channels of orichalcum the colour of snow.
Beneath these were fifty mutules of marble.
Around these were fifteen entases of porphyry such as Pharsalia never fashioned.
Along these were sixteen astragals carved from lilac sandstone that Troy never fashioned.

I will briefly describe this theatre, for I was surprised by its praiseworthy beauty, fairer than silver.
The metope had twelve cymbiae carved from porphyry.
Inside these were fifty dentils carved from lilac sandstone.
Inside these were forty metopes made of soapstone the colour of the night sky, more enduring than roses.
Beneath these were twenty arulae of sandstone that Caesar never saw.
Along these were seven reglets made of marble the colour of grapes.


I will concisely describe this pyramid, for I respected its beautiful severity.
The archivolt had fourteen fillets of basalt the colour of violets.
Above these were seventeen abaci made of basalt the colour of violets.
Behind these were two rinceaux carved from sandstone.




I will happily describe this pyramid, for I gushed over its ancient serenity and its antique serenity.
The stylobate had forty bindings carved from pink basalt such as Midas never dreamt of.
Between these were twenty orbiculi made of jade more beautiful than roses.
Behind these were five echini made of basalt smoother than roses.
Beside these were seventeen fillets of brown basalt more precious than snow.
Behind these were eight gorgets of green marble.


I will patiently describe this temple, for I respected its exceptional architecture, more enduring than stars.
The zophorus had twelve ovoli made of azure soapstone more brilliant than silver.
Inside these were six socles made of orichalcum more precious than rubies.
Between these were eight orbiculi of orichalcum the colour of grapes, more beautiful than sapphires.
Below these were eleven reglets of marble that Athens never saw.

Beside these were seventy coronae made of orichalcum the colour of flesh.

I will swiftly describe this theatre, for I wondered at its sumptuous delicacy and its rich serenity, smoother than lilies.
The zophorus had six hypotracheliae of sandstone such as Pharsalia never commanded.
Behind these were nineteen abaci made of pink soapstone harder than lilies.
Below these were eight colonnettes carved from porphyry the colour of grapes.
Between these were seventy ovoli of basalt that Athens never dreamt of.

Above these were five dentils of white marble.

I will calmly describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its praiseworthy serenity, harder than rubies.
The metope had thirteen gullets made of azure granite more brilliant than snow.
Between these were seven dentils of sandstone the colour of the night sky.
Before these were fifteen spandrels of azure basalt rarer than silver.

Behind these were fourteen cymbiae of azure sandstone.


I will concisely describe this palace, for I gushed over its outstanding gravity, harder than silver.
The pier had seven mutules of azure granite.
Between these were forty coronae made of lilac jade.
Along these were sixteen gorgets made of jade more precious than silver.

Below these were eight cables of green basalt more enduring than lilies.


I will patiently describe this pyramid, for I respected its luxurious beauty.
The areostyle had seven cymae of jade the colour of grapes, such as Sparta never dreamt of.
Beneath these were sixty trochleae made of jade.
Above these were six cymae reversae carved from sandstone the colour of peaches.
Before these were fourteen hypotracheliae carved from lilac porphyry.
Inside these were three stylobates made of azure porphyry.
Beneath these were sixteen areobates made of marble.

I will calmly describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its immortal beauty and its costly gravity, more beautiful than silver.
The metope had eight nextrules carved from porphyry the colour of a placid lake.
Inside these were sixty cables carved from porphyry smoother than snow.
Inside these were eighteen cymbiae made of viridian granite such as Midas never commanded.
Beside these were four arulae made of granite the colour of the night sky, more enduring than rubies.
Below these were eighty ovoli carved from porphyry such as Caesar never saw.
Before these were ten channels made of basalt.

I will truthfully describe this theatre, for I marvelled at its praiseworthy severity and its ancient beauty.
The podium had seventeen cymae made of marble that Alexander never built.
Along these were eighty abaci of brown soapstone.
Beneath these were eight cornices of orichalcum the colour of the sky, such as Cyprus never saw.
Above these were eight arulae made of brown jade.
Inside these were forty cymbiae of white orichalcum.
Along these were fifty arulae carved from marble the colour of a hound's coat, that Troy never built.

I will quickly describe this palace, for I enjoyed its ancient workmanship and its matchless serenity, sleeker than lilies.
The podium had twenty cordings of marble the colour of violets, that Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Around these were twelve volutes carved from pink orichalcum.
Along these were thirty volutes of scarlet sandstone such as Sparta never dreamt of.

Above these were forty gulae carved from porphyry.
Behind these were four voussoirs carved from brown soapstone rarer than lilies.

I will briefly describe this structure, for I was surprised by its luxurious beauty and its never-to-be-excelled lustre.
The hypothesis had eight socles carved from porphyry harder than rubies.
Behind these were fifteen hypotracheliae made of porphyry the colour of lilies.
Along these were thirteen cables carved from orichalcum such as Alexander never saw.
Around these were fifteen dentils made of green granite.
Along these were fifteen ovoli made of sandstone that Caesar never dreamt of.
Behind these were sixty spandrels of porphyry the colour of lilies, that Midas never commanded.

I will patiently describe this temple, for I swooned at its immortal beauty.
The architrave had twelve dentils of jade the colour of a placid lake.
Between these were ten volutes made of sandstone the colour of flesh.
Inside these were fourteen cornices carved from white marble.

Above these were eleven volutes carved from basalt fairer than rubies.
Beneath these were ten socles of basalt the colour of the sky, fairer than rubies.

I will calmly describe this structure, for I marvelled at its incomparable severity.
The hypothesis had seventeen hypotracheliae of basalt the colour of peaches, that Midas never built.
Below these were six echini of porphyry harder than lilies.
Before these were seventeen rinceaux of azure porphyry rarer than silver.
Beneath these were eighteen metopes of jade.
Along these were thirteen entases made of black sandstone harder than rubies.
Beneath these were five socles of lilac basalt.

I will calmly describe this structure, for I respected its never-to-be-excelled construction and its praiseworthy architecture.
The epistyle had eight mutules carved from soapstone that Pharsalia never commanded.
Below these were thirteen cymae made of lilac soapstone smoother than sapphires.
Below these were seven tori carved from brown orichalcum harder than rubies.
Above these were five nextrules made of sandstone the colour of a placid lake, that Rome never built.

Below these were twelve trochiloi of jade the colour of satin.

I will swiftly describe this temple, for I respected its matchless design, more precious than sapphires.
The podium had seven tori carved from purple porphyry.
Behind these were thirteen cornices carved from scarlet orichalcum such as Alexander never built.
Before these were sixteen areobates of soapstone the colour of snow.
Before these were two rinceaux of lilac sandstone that Caesar never dreamt of.



I will happily describe this palace, for I gushed over its sumptuous craft.
The areostyle had ninety cymae of sandstone the colour of satin, such as Midas never fashioned.
Inside these were twenty fasciae carved from jade the colour of a stormy sea.
Inside these were sixty rinceaux carved from white basalt.
Around these were ten torques carved from porphyry.
Behind these were sixty areobates made of jade.


I will happily describe this theatre, for I gushed over its austere gravity and its ancient delicacy.
The stylopodium had seventy abaci made of soapstone the colour of a placid lake.
Below these were forty cymbiae of jade the colour of a hound's coat, such as Pharaoh never commanded.
Below these were thirteen torques of orichalcum that Midas never fashioned.




I will patiently describe this structure, for I was astonished by its beautiful design and its admirable craft.
The podium had seventy tori carved from porphyry the colour of violets.
Behind these were six cymatii of porphyry the colour of lilies.
Beside these were two volutes carved from basalt fairer than silver.
Around these were thirty tesseraa carved from marble that Rome never built.
Inside these were four mutules of viridian jade.


I will calmly describe this temple, for I marvelled at its immortal beauty and its luminous architecture.
The podium had three stylobates of sandstone.
Inside these were eight cornices carved from sandstone.
Behind these were forty cordings of granite the colour of a hound's coat.
Before these were forty astragals made of basalt such as Alexander never fashioned.



I will concisely describe this structure, for I marvelled at its rich architecture.
The plinth had nineteen socles made of jade the colour of satin, such as Caesar never built.
Along these were five gorgets of marble harder than silver.
Behind these were fifty cables of scarlet orichalcum.

Below these were ninety dentils of granite.
Below these were three mutules of orichalcum.

I will joyfully describe this structure, for I wondered at its antique craft.
The pilaster had ten fillets made of basalt.
Inside these were nineteen metopes carved from basalt sleeker than rubies.
Along these were seventy abaci carved from porphyry the colour of a stormy sea, harder than gold.

Around these were sixty fasciae carved from orichalcum smoother than rubies.


I will swiftly describe this temple, for I wondered at its masterly severity and its ancient gravity, such as Pharaoh never commanded.
The pier had fourteen wave-mouldings made of orichalcum the colour of grapes.
Above these were eight volutes made of soapstone harder than rubies.
Beneath these were twenty ovoli of granite the colour of snow, such as Rome never saw.
Along these were fourteen nextrules made of soapstone that Alexander never fashioned.
Along these were seventy gorgets carved from basalt such as Carthage never saw.


I will calmly describe this palace, for I gushed over its unusual architecture and its exceptional lustre.
The antis-column had nine entases made of marble.
Beside these were twelve volutes of orichalcum.
Around these were forty cymatii carved from sandstone the colour of the sky, more beautiful than roses.

Between these were twelve fillets carved from scarlet marble.


I will joyfully describe this temple, for I was surprised by its luminous construction, more beautiful than stars.
The areobate had twenty mutules carved from granite.
Beside these were twenty socles made of jade the colour of flesh, harder than stars.
Along these were seventy rinceaux of granite the colour of a placid lake.
Beside these were fifteen tesseraa of jade such as Carthage never saw.
Below these were sixty dentils carved from porphyry the colour of grapes, that Caesar never built.
Above these were six gorgets made of orichalcum the colour of grapes.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I respected its luminous severity and its outstanding quality, that Troy never saw.
The metope had six cables carved from marble the colour of the night sky.
Behind these were twelve gulae made of granite such as Pharos never commanded.
Between these were sixteen wave-mouldings made of green basalt such as Troy never built.

Beneath these were fifteen cables made of azure soapstone more enduring than lilies.
Above these were thirty trochiloi carved from basalt the colour of a stormy sea.

I will briefly describe this fane, for I was surprised by its immortal gravity and its expert lustre, that Cyprus never saw.
The metope had fifteen cornices carved from porphyry the colour of a hound's coat, sleeker than snow.
Before these were fourteen tori of orichalcum that Carthage never dreamt of.
Along these were thirty cables carved from soapstone the colour of peaches, that Athens never commanded.
Beneath these were six mutules of granite the colour of grapes, harder than roses.
Above these were four nextrules made of black orichalcum such as Pharos never built.


I will quickly describe this theatre, for I marvelled at its wonderful craft, such as Pharos never saw.
The metope had five oculi made of sandstone the colour of the night sky.
Inside these were five echini carved from lilac jade more brilliant than snow.
Along these were six trochleae made of jade.
Around these were sixteen trochiloi made of orichalcum that Sparta never commanded.

Beneath these were seventy astragals made of jade the colour of the night sky.

I will quickly describe this theatre, for I admired its sumptuous lustre and its admirable quality, smoother than snow.
The areostyle had thirteen rinceaux carved from viridian marble that Pharsalia never built.
Between these were nine cymbiae carved from granite rarer than snow.
Before these were nine fasciae carved from black orichalcum sleeker than rubies.
Beside these were six rinceaux made of lilac basalt such as Pharaoh never fashioned.
Around these were sixty rinceaux of porphyry the colour of violets.
Below these were sixty abaci carved from pink sandstone such as Caesar never fashioned.

I will truthfully describe this palace, for I wondered at its antique delicacy, that Troy never fashioned.
The epistyle had eleven oculi made of sandstone the colour of the night sky.
Behind these were fourteen scotiae carved from sandstone the colour of lilies.
Beside these were fifteen tori of basalt the colour of the night sky, more enduring than rubies.
Behind these were eighteen socles carved from marble such as Midas never built.
Beneath these were eight coronae made of porphyry the colour of lilies, more beautiful than roses.
Above these were seventy astragals carved from granite the colour of a placid lake, that Athens never built.

I will briefly describe this structure, for I was astonished by its ancient quality, such as Pharaoh never fashioned.
The architrave had five tori carved from viridian marble more enduring than rubies.
Above these were eleven mutules of marble the colour of snow, more precious than rubies.
Behind these were eleven cymae reversae of orichalcum.




I will happily describe this pyramid, for I gushed over its exceptional gravity, more precious than silver.
The podium had three voussoirs of azure jade smoother than lilies.
Between these were thirty channels made of purple granite such as Troy never fashioned.
Between these were six dentils of basalt that Midas never fashioned.

Above these were fifteen spandrels made of orichalcum that Carthage never saw.


I will truthfully describe this fane, for I was surprised by its exceptional beauty, sleeker than stars.
The podium had forty cymae reversae carved from sandstone such as Pharaoh never commanded.
Along these were nine channels made of purple sandstone such as Rome never saw.
Along these were four cornices made of lilac porphyry.
Beneath these were fifteen tesseraa made of soapstone the colour of violets, that Troy never fashioned.

Beside these were twenty orbiculi made of marble the colour of grapes, fairer than snow.

I will painstakingly describe this fane, for I wondered at its incomparable severity.
The areostyle had twenty gullets of yellow sandstone harder than gold.
Above these were fourteen areobates carved from basalt such as Pharos never built.
Inside these were eighteen voussoirs made of porphyry harder than sapphires.

Inside these were twelve spandrels of azure basalt that Carthage never fashioned.
Beside these were four abaci carved from porphyry the colour of peaches, more enduring than gold.

I will quickly describe this fane, for I respected its unusual delicacy.
The epistyle had five astragals of pink orichalcum.
Beside these were thirty spandrels carved from marble fairer than roses.
Beside these were thirty fasciae of marble more brilliant than stars.
Below these were five nextrules made of porphyry the colour of satin, such as Rome never built.
Inside these were eighty cymbiae of black marble such as Midas never dreamt of.


I will concisely describe this palace, for I wondered at its austere delicacy, that Midas never fashioned.
The colonnette had fifteen cornices carved from soapstone the colour of a stormy sea, such as Pharaoh never fashioned.
Along these were nine trochiloi made of granite.
Beneath these were four channels carved from basalt the colour of a placid lake.
Below these were eight gorgets carved from jade more precious than lilies.

Above these were twelve socles carved from purple jade.

I will happily describe this palace, for I respected its sumptuous gravity and its expert craft, sleeker than rubies.
The epistyle had eighty cordings made of granite more enduring than roses.
Between these were ten gulae carved from viridian jade such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Above these were eighteen orbiculi of porphyry such as Sparta never dreamt of.
Around these were seven trochiloi carved from basalt.

Around these were ninety fasciae made of marble smoother than lilies.

I will truthfully describe this structure, for I wondered at its praiseworthy lustre and its exceptional delicacy, that Sparta never built.
The stylopodium had nineteen trochiloi of green jade such as Alexander never commanded.
Before these were twenty stylobates carved from green porphyry.
Before these were thirteen orbiculi carved from white soapstone that Pharsalia never fashioned.

Around these were nineteen voussoirs made of marble the colour of morning mist.
Beneath these were sixty ovoli of granite.

I will joyfully describe this structure, for I admired its wonderful severity and its matchless quality, such as Pharaoh never saw.
The metope had four oculi carved from flesh-coloured basalt smoother than stars.
Above these were fourteen nextrules carved from orichalcum the colour of a hound's coat.
Beside these were six astragals of marble that Alexander never saw.
Beneath these were ninety channels of purple soapstone more precious than sapphires.

Before these were nineteen tesseraa carved from azure marble.

I will concisely describe this palace, for I wondered at its rich severity and its marvellous architecture.
The zophorus had eighteen trochiloi made of marble smoother than sapphires.
Behind these were ten torques of viridian soapstone that Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Along these were eleven ovoli of soapstone the colour of the sky, fairer than lilies.
Along these were two channels made of porphyry rarer than rubies.

Above these were fifty socles of black marble sleeker than roses.

I will quickly describe this structure, for I respected its outstanding serenity and its ancient beauty, that Rome never commanded.
The pier had ten areobates of lilac granite sleeker than lilies.
Before these were six voussoirs carved from yellow orichalcum more precious than snow.
Below these were nineteen socles carved from basalt the colour of a hound's coat, more beautiful than lilies.
Between these were fifty oculi carved from white jade sleeker than silver.

Above these were nineteen rinceaux made of soapstone the colour of lilies.

I will briefly describe this fane, for I was surprised by its unusual serenity and its incomparable design, fairer than roses.
The metope had nine dentils of soapstone the colour of a hound's coat.
Above these were fifteen stylobates made of sandstone.
Around these were fifteen ovoli made of granite such as Alexander never saw.
Between these were six torques carved from marble.
Along these were fourteen voussoirs made of marble the colour of morning mist.
Above these were fifteen volutes of porphyry more enduring than roses.

I will patiently describe this palace, for I gushed over its luxurious design and its luxurious lustre.
The hypothesis had nine spandrels made of soapstone.
Between these were five ovoli made of basalt such as Athens never saw.
Above these were ninety gullets carved from soapstone more enduring than stars.

Between these were sixty coronae carved from azure orichalcum that Pharsalia never saw.


I will joyfully describe this structure, for I enjoyed its beautiful construction.
The metope had nine cymatii made of green sandstone such as Alexander never fashioned.
Around these were three orbiculi made of soapstone the colour of grapes, more enduring than snow.
Along these were nine trochleae made of flesh-coloured porphyry that Alexander never built.
Below these were ten cables of porphyry the colour of a placid lake, smoother than silver.
Beside these were thirteen volutes made of purple marble.
Inside these were fifty entases made of soapstone the colour of grapes, fairer than rubies.

I will quickly describe this palace, for I admired its expert construction, that Sparta never saw.
The stylobate had twelve scotiae made of soapstone the colour of a placid lake.
Around these were thirteen scotiae made of sandstone such as Pharsalia never built.
Inside these were sixteen gorgets of jade more enduring than snow.
Inside these were fourteen gorgets made of soapstone the colour of flesh, more enduring than rubies.

Above these were seventeen oculi carved from granite more enduring than gold.

I will happily describe this temple, for I gushed over its immortal craft and its unusual delicacy.
The stylobate had eight entases of flesh-coloured marble.
Between these were nine oculi carved from jade that Pharsalia never fashioned.
Before these were seven entases of orichalcum the colour of morning mist, such as Carthage never built.
Around these were eleven mutules of porphyry more enduring than sapphires.
Between these were sixteen trochiloi carved from granite the colour of the sky.
Between these were nineteen oculi of white basalt.

I will quickly describe this theatre, for I respected its incomparable architecture and its exceptional architecture.
The hypothesis had sixteen reglets carved from jade the colour of a stormy sea, rarer than roses.
Behind these were eighteen volutes made of sandstone the colour of a placid lake.
Inside these were nineteen wave-mouldings made of granite the colour of flesh, such as Pharsalia never built.
Below these were seventeen arulae of marble the colour of the sky.

Inside these were seventeen entases of orichalcum the colour of lilies, that Pharaoh never dreamt of.

I will joyfully describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its peerless craft and its ancient gravity, that Pharos never commanded.
The hypothesis had thirteen trochleae of porphyry.
Along these were eighty trochiloi carved from viridian granite.
Around these were nine cymatii of sandstone that Pharsalia never dreamt of.


Beneath these were six nextrules made of orichalcum the colour of grapes.

I will swiftly describe this structure, for I wondered at its admirable architecture and its costly quality, more beautiful than gold.
The plinth had ten tori carved from sandstone the colour of the sky, more enduring than stars.
Beside these were seven oculi made of porphyry the colour of satin, fairer than gold.
Between these were seventy ovoli carved from scarlet orichalcum.
Before these were seventeen gulae made of marble the colour of the sky.

Inside these were eighty reglets of orichalcum such as Pharsalia never saw.

I will briefly describe this palace, for I wondered at its sumptuous severity and its luminous quality, rarer than snow.
The areobate had eight cymbiae made of marble the colour of morning mist.
Along these were forty torques of sandstone the colour of the night sky, such as Pharsalia never built.
Above these were forty oculi of granite that Alexander never saw.
Above these were fourteen stylobates of flesh-coloured soapstone that Midas never saw.



I will quickly describe this temple, for I was astonished by its admirable gravity and its beautiful workmanship.
The areobate had sixteen abaci made of purple granite such as Cyprus never dreamt of.
Above these were nine cymae reversae carved from purple marble.
Below these were six coronae made of jade such as Midas never fashioned.
Below these were seven cymatii made of scarlet orichalcum.



I will concisely describe this fane, for I swooned at its luxurious serenity.
The plinth had six volutes carved from sandstone the colour of peaches.
Along these were fourteen socles of purple marble more beautiful than stars.
Beneath these were ninety scotiae of sandstone rarer than lilies.
Beside these were seven ovoli made of basalt the colour of satin, rarer than sapphires.
Before these were fifty abaci carved from basalt the colour of the night sky.
Below these were sixty areobates made of sandstone the colour of a placid lake.

I will calmly describe this palace, for I wondered at its wonderful delicacy and its rich gravity, that Midas never saw.
The archivolt had thirteen astragals made of viridian porphyry more precious than gold.
Inside these were thirteen cymbiae carved from pink soapstone that Midas never commanded.
Before these were ninety orbiculi made of basalt the colour of the night sky.

Below these were sixteen orbiculi carved from granite the colour of grapes, rarer than rubies.
Below these were sixteen socles of soapstone the colour of lilies.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I wondered at its never-to-be-excelled severity.
The oculus had nineteen cornices made of azure porphyry smoother than stars.
Behind these were five cymbiae of granite the colour of flesh, that Rome never built.
Behind these were seven ovoli of sandstone more beautiful than lilies.
Beneath these were sixteen abaci carved from sandstone more brilliant than lilies.
Inside these were ninety cymae reversae made of sandstone sleeker than sapphires.
Behind these were seventy gulae of jade harder than rubies.

I will patiently describe this fane, for I enjoyed its peerless severity.
The epistyle had sixteen cables made of lilac jade more enduring than roses.
Along these were ninety areobates made of jade rarer than roses.
Before these were ninety gorgets of sandstone the colour of violets, rarer than silver.
Inside these were fifty tori made of scarlet sandstone such as Caesar never dreamt of.



I will happily describe this palace, for I gushed over its luminous craft, that Alexander never fashioned.
The epistyle had eighty channels carved from granite smoother than silver.
Inside these were nine wave-mouldings carved from basalt.
Above these were three socles of pink porphyry more enduring than stars.

Above these were twelve cables of yellow sandstone.


I will calmly describe this structure, for I swooned at its masterly beauty and its outstanding design, such as Midas never saw.
The altar had eleven nextrules made of black granite such as Caesar never built.
Below these were three socles carved from jade the colour of the night sky.
Above these were seven volutes of orichalcum.
Beside these were fifty hypotracheliae of jade.
Below these were forty scotiae made of marble.
Above these were five astragals carved from marble more brilliant than lilies.

I will concisely describe this palace, for I marvelled at its praiseworthy architecture and its incomparable delicacy.
The antis-column had three coronae made of sandstone more precious than stars.
Above these were twelve entases of soapstone.
Below these were four scotiae made of marble sleeker than stars.

Along these were thirteen voussoirs made of viridian soapstone that Athens never fashioned.


I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its austere lustre, more enduring than rubies.
The epistyle had forty gullets carved from sandstone the colour of a stormy sea, such as Alexander never saw.
Around these were eighty spandrels of porphyry the colour of satin, such as Pharsalia never saw.
Between these were eleven fasciae of black sandstone that Pharos never built.

Along these were fourteen metopes of jade the colour of satin.
Between these were seventeen orbiculi of porphyry the colour of satin.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I enjoyed its unusual design.
The oculus had forty tesseraa carved from orichalcum the colour of peaches, more precious than silver.
Between these were twenty bindings of soapstone the colour of lilies.
Inside these were thirty spandrels of azure sandstone that Carthage never dreamt of.
Behind these were four hypotracheliae of orichalcum more beautiful than stars.
Behind these were seventy cymbiae carved from jade the colour of grapes.


I will patiently describe this palace, for I enjoyed its austere workmanship and its wonderful craft, such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
The stylobate had forty spandrels of granite such as Rome never saw.
Inside these were eleven cymatii made of azure soapstone.
Around these were ninety echini of sandstone.
Beside these were fifteen tesseraa carved from marble smoother than sapphires.
Behind these were two channels made of jade the colour of the sky.
Behind these were eighty scotiae of jade the colour of grapes.

I will calmly describe this temple, for I wondered at its peerless quality and its immortal craft.
The metope had two gorgets of jade the colour of a stormy sea, more precious than rubies.
Around these were four gullets made of white orichalcum more enduring than silver.
Between these were sixty cymae of basalt the colour of a placid lake, harder than stars.

Between these were twelve spandrels of porphyry more enduring than stars.
Along these were sixty entases carved from jade the colour of flesh, that Rome never commanded.

I will joyfully describe this theatre, for I wondered at its beautiful lustre.
The archivolt had fourteen tori carved from basalt the colour of the sky.
Inside these were sixteen cymae of porphyry more enduring than gold.
Around these were eight spandrels made of marble.
Below these were seventeen abaci carved from flesh-coloured jade that Caesar never dreamt of.
Behind these were three arulae carved from white marble more brilliant than sapphires.
Beneath these were three wave-mouldings carved from marble the colour of lilies, more enduring than snow.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I wondered at its luxurious beauty and its ancient workmanship.
The metope had six coronae of basalt.
Along these were eighteen voussoirs made of brown basalt.
Beside these were six reglets carved from porphyry more enduring than snow.
Between these were eighty colonnettes of soapstone the colour of the night sky, that Carthage never saw.
Behind these were fourteen colonnettes carved from soapstone the colour of morning mist, smoother than gold.


I will briefly describe this fane, for I swooned at its rich serenity.
The hypothesis had eighteen fillets of scarlet sandstone.
Below these were four cymatii of granite the colour of a stormy sea.
Above these were fifteen scotiae of purple granite more beautiful than silver.
Beside these were three hypotracheliae carved from jade harder than lilies.
Above these were fifteen cymae of flesh-coloured porphyry more enduring than stars.


I will truthfully describe this structure, for I respected its never-to-be-excelled architecture, that Alexander never fashioned.
The altar had nineteen rinceaux carved from scarlet soapstone that Sparta never fashioned.
Below these were thirty dentils made of sandstone the colour of lilies.
Below these were thirteen cymae carved from jade the colour of a placid lake, that Carthage never dreamt of.

Beneath these were eighteen volutes made of sandstone sleeker than sapphires.
Along these were twelve stylobates of jade.

I will swiftly describe this structure, for I respected its admirable construction and its luminous design.
The areostyle had eighteen channels made of orichalcum the colour of the sky.
Between these were forty abaci carved from brown marble.
Around these were fifty metopes made of brown porphyry such as Caesar never built.
Along these were ten tesseraa carved from granite the colour of the sky, more beautiful than snow.
Between these were ninety reglets of jade the colour of the sky.
Beside these were five fasciae carved from marble the colour of peaches.

I will quickly describe this structure, for I admired its praiseworthy gravity and its praiseworthy severity, that Caesar never saw.
The pier had sixty arulae made of porphyry the colour of snow, sleeker than stars.
Before these were five channels of black orichalcum more precious than snow.
Between these were thirty astragals carved from white jade that Midas never saw.

Above these were seven fillets made of orichalcum.


I will patiently describe this structure, for I marvelled at its sumptuous architecture.
The antis-column had four cymbiae of flesh-coloured soapstone.
Inside these were five tesseraa carved from orichalcum more brilliant than snow.
Behind these were three nextrules of jade the colour of peaches.

Inside these were fifty bindings made of orichalcum smoother than sapphires.
Behind these were three colonnettes carved from jade the colour of violets, such as Athens never built.

I will calmly describe this temple, for I wondered at its antique construction and its outstanding lustre.
The antis-column had eleven metopes of basalt the colour of the night sky, more beautiful than lilies.
Between these were eighty gorgets made of soapstone that Pharaoh never commanded.
Beneath these were forty cymatii made of granite the colour of the sky, more brilliant than sapphires.

Beside these were four cornices carved from black sandstone.
Behind these were eleven nextrules made of jade that Midas never built.

I will quickly describe this temple, for I admired its praiseworthy beauty and its unusual gravity, such as Troy never saw.
The podium had two wave-mouldings carved from porphyry more brilliant than snow.
Beside these were six channels of soapstone such as Pharaoh never fashioned.
Below these were five oculi of sandstone more brilliant than roses.
Above these were thirty echini made of white marble.
Before these were fifty astragals carved from granite the colour of grapes.
Inside these were sixteen torques carved from brown orichalcum that Pharaoh never dreamt of.

I will quickly describe this temple, for I delighted in its never-to-be-excelled lustre.
The archivolt had fifty nextrules made of soapstone the colour of satin.
Around these were five cables carved from marble fairer than gold.
Along these were nineteen socles made of porphyry the colour of violets.
Between these were seventeen colonnettes carved from soapstone.

Behind these were ninety reglets of soapstone.

I will calmly describe this palace, for I was astonished by its austere delicacy and its immortal craft, that Troy never fashioned.
The hypotrachelia had seventeen dentils carved from green orichalcum.
Between these were sixty rinceaux of sandstone such as Midas never commanded.
Below these were seventy trochiloi carved from orichalcum the colour of grapes.
Beside these were twelve stylobates carved from yellow porphyry.



I will joyfully describe this temple, for I marvelled at its never-to-be-excelled serenity.
The oculus had seventy reglets of green jade such as Caesar never saw.
Around these were ten channels made of porphyry.
Behind these were seven fasciae made of flesh-coloured orichalcum that Sparta never commanded.

Behind these were seventeen metopes made of soapstone the colour of the sky, sleeker than stars.
Inside these were five echini made of orichalcum the colour of violets.

I will swiftly describe this palace, for I was astonished by its matchless severity.
The epistyle had sixteen mutules carved from basalt the colour of peaches, more brilliant than lilies.
Inside these were sixteen torques made of porphyry the colour of the night sky.
Inside these were seventy echini of white soapstone.

Above these were three entases of basalt the colour of peaches.
Beneath these were nine cymae made of basalt the colour of snow, smoother than rubies.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I gushed over its luxurious quality.
The areostyle had ninety tesseraa of porphyry the colour of violets, that Midas never commanded.
Inside these were thirteen cymatii made of pink orichalcum.
Beside these were eighty areobates carved from porphyry such as Alexander never commanded.
Beside these were eighty entases made of marble the colour of peaches.
Behind these were seventy entases carved from marble that Carthage never fashioned.


I will quickly describe this structure, for I delighted in its austere architecture and its unusual lustre, such as Rome never dreamt of.
The pilaster had twelve dentils made of viridian jade.
Before these were forty astragals carved from soapstone.
Between these were fifty channels made of basalt the colour of violets, fairer than stars.
Above these were seven trochiloi of marble.
Beside these were three oculi carved from scarlet sandstone that Alexander never built.
Inside these were thirteen metopes made of marble rarer than gold.

I will concisely describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its matchless delicacy, more enduring than sapphires.
The areostyle had seventy abaci made of jade the colour of satin.
Between these were seventeen gullets carved from granite.
Above these were twenty cornices of porphyry smoother than gold.
Between these were four arulae of yellow sandstone.

Around these were ninety scotiae made of orichalcum the colour of peaches, such as Pharos never saw.

I will concisely describe this pyramid, for I swooned at its sumptuous workmanship.
The colonnette had five tesseraa made of azure orichalcum.
Between these were eighteen cables carved from brown basalt more brilliant than roses.
Beside these were fifty arulae made of porphyry.
Above these were fourteen socles made of soapstone the colour of a stormy sea, sleeker than sapphires.
Above these were nineteen mutules of porphyry the colour of morning mist.
Between these were sixteen trochleae of lilac soapstone that Sparta never commanded.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I swooned at its immortal severity and its peerless workmanship, rarer than rubies.
The colonnette had six colonnettes of marble that Pharaoh never built.
Between these were two gulae of marble the colour of flesh, such as Rome never commanded.
Above these were seventeen ovoli made of jade such as Caesar never fashioned.




I will joyfully describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its austere craft and its beautiful craft.
The hypotrachelia had eighteen torques carved from basalt.
Above these were fifteen entases of sandstone the colour of morning mist, smoother than stars.
Beside these were six dentils carved from green marble.

Beneath these were eleven cymae reversae carved from orichalcum more precious than stars.
Below these were fifty ovoli made of purple porphyry.

I will concisely describe this fane, for I admired its sumptuous quality and its masterly serenity, that Caesar never commanded.
The zophorus had fifteen reglets made of brown orichalcum smoother than snow.
Below these were seventy metopes made of jade the colour of violets.
Between these were seven cables of soapstone the colour of flesh, more beautiful than gold.
Beneath these were ninety reglets of sandstone the colour of lilies.
Behind these were eighty fillets of jade sleeker than stars.
Below these were two wave-mouldings of porphyry the colour of lilies, more enduring than snow.

I will patiently describe this palace, for I was astonished by its exceptional workmanship.
The areostyle had twelve metopes carved from pink jade.
Behind these were four socles of scarlet marble more brilliant than gold.
Behind these were fourteen echini carved from porphyry fairer than sapphires.

Above these were forty reglets carved from viridian jade that Alexander never commanded.
Between these were twelve cymatii carved from scarlet sandstone.

I will swiftly describe this fane, for I marvelled at its costly delicacy and its luxurious workmanship, more enduring than sapphires.
The plinth had eleven gullets made of pink granite more precious than lilies.
Around these were eighteen cornices carved from porphyry.
Between these were four trochleae carved from soapstone such as Pharaoh never saw.

Before these were eleven oculi of soapstone.
Between these were two tesseraa carved from jade the colour of morning mist, harder than rubies.

I will painstakingly describe this fane, for I delighted in its ancient lustre, such as Alexander never dreamt of.
The pilaster had ninety trochiloi made of sandstone.
Above these were sixty arulae carved from viridian granite.
Beneath these were ten entases made of soapstone that Caesar never saw.

Along these were five hypotracheliae made of orichalcum the colour of a placid lake, such as Athens never fashioned.
Between these were twenty cymae reversae carved from white marble.

I will happily describe this structure, for I was astonished by its unusual construction and its beautiful architecture, more beautiful than roses.
The pilaster had twelve tori made of granite.
Above these were sixteen nextrules of marble the colour of lilies.
Above these were eleven channels made of marble.
Above these were ninety scotiae of jade that Carthage never dreamt of.

Below these were nineteen reglets made of lilac granite that Alexander never dreamt of.

I will truthfully describe this palace, for I marvelled at its outstanding workmanship.
The altar had seven mutules of basalt the colour of the night sky.
Before these were ten ovoli of azure marble smoother than lilies.
Around these were seventy cables of lilac marble.
Before these were eight astragals made of sandstone such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.

Before these were eleven astragals of viridian granite.

I will happily describe this palace, for I respected its costly craft and its marvellous lustre, more precious than rubies.
The epistyle had six bindings of yellow jade more enduring than gold.
Beneath these were ten gulae carved from soapstone.
Around these were thirty echini carved from soapstone the colour of a stormy sea.




I will concisely describe this fane, for I was astonished by its luxurious delicacy.
The altar had eighty ovoli carved from yellow basalt.
Between these were fifteen hypotracheliae of purple porphyry such as Caesar never commanded.
Before these were sixty coronae made of azure granite that Midas never fashioned.
Inside these were sixty scotiae made of porphyry.
Before these were eighteen cordings of sandstone the colour of peaches.


I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I respected its sumptuous serenity and its beautiful construction.
The epistyle had seven gorgets carved from orichalcum the colour of lilies.
Below these were eleven dentils made of green granite harder than roses.
Inside these were nineteen orbiculi of brown basalt that Alexander never saw.
Beside these were eleven cornices made of orichalcum the colour of the sky, that Alexander never commanded.
Beside these were fifteen trochiloi of green basalt smoother than sapphires.
Below these were four abaci of orichalcum the colour of flesh.

I will quickly describe this palace, for I was astonished by its matchless delicacy.
The stylopodium had four rinceaux carved from sandstone the colour of a placid lake, such as Carthage never commanded.
Below these were seven cymae reversae carved from soapstone that Pharsalia never fashioned.
Around these were nine fillets of basalt the colour of peaches.
Behind these were seventy cymbiae carved from orichalcum the colour of morning mist.



I will quickly describe this temple, for I was surprised by its rich serenity, that Pharsalia never dreamt of.
The architrave had eleven socles carved from viridian sandstone more enduring than snow.
Inside these were fifty arulae carved from sandstone the colour of peaches.
Below these were thirteen abaci of orichalcum.


Around these were four cordings of black granite harder than snow.

I will patiently describe this fane, for I enjoyed its luminous severity and its exceptional quality, rarer than silver.
The epistyle had six spandrels carved from porphyry the colour of lilies, such as Pharaoh never commanded.
Between these were three ovoli made of porphyry that Midas never fashioned.
Between these were twenty tesseraa made of jade.

Along these were nine arulae carved from purple sandstone such as Sparta never saw.


I will calmly describe this theatre, for I admired its admirable beauty and its marvellous quality.
The stylopodium had nine wave-mouldings made of orichalcum such as Midas never dreamt of.
Around these were ten cymatii of marble the colour of morning mist.
Above these were four arulae of soapstone the colour of a stormy sea, such as Cyprus never saw.


Behind these were twenty hypotracheliae made of sandstone that Midas never built.

I will joyfully describe this pyramid, for I marvelled at its wonderful craft, more brilliant than sapphires.
The areostyle had thirteen socles of orichalcum such as Pharos never fashioned.
Before these were seven cornices made of orichalcum that Midas never commanded.
Beside these were sixty dentils made of basalt the colour of the night sky.
Between these were twenty wave-mouldings carved from porphyry more brilliant than gold.



I will calmly describe this fane, for I delighted in its antique design, more enduring than sapphires.
The zophorus had ninety volutes of soapstone rarer than rubies.
Beside these were four cymae reversae carved from porphyry fairer than sapphires.
Below these were eighty orbiculi carved from viridian soapstone more brilliant than roses.
Behind these were ninety ovoli made of azure sandstone more precious than rubies.
Before these were six reglets of marble the colour of violets, rarer than rubies.


I will concisely describe this temple, for I marvelled at its beautiful serenity, such as Caesar never built.
The areostyle had eighteen cymae carved from jade the colour of a hound's coat.
Around these were twenty cordings made of porphyry the colour of violets.
Between these were sixteen colonnettes carved from sandstone.
Beneath these were six orbiculi of soapstone the colour of satin.
Behind these were fifty entases made of green jade.


I will calmly describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its expert quality and its admirable gravity, harder than rubies.
The hypothesis had eight orbiculi carved from marble the colour of grapes.
Above these were three orbiculi of sandstone the colour of lilies.
Behind these were sixty voussoirs carved from lilac soapstone fairer than gold.
Beside these were nineteen stylobates carved from lilac marble that Troy never dreamt of.
Beneath these were ninety ovoli made of orichalcum more beautiful than sapphires.
Above these were two torques of porphyry that Cyprus never fashioned.

I will concisely describe this temple, for I enjoyed its marvellous workmanship and its outstanding craft.
The oculus had eighteen scotiae made of viridian jade.
Between these were seventy cornices made of granite the colour of peaches, more beautiful than sapphires.
Beneath these were eight orbiculi carved from basalt.
Along these were eighty rinceaux carved from sandstone the colour of the sky, that Athens never built.
Behind these were two rinceaux of granite the colour of satin, more enduring than gold.
Behind these were two torques made of soapstone the colour of grapes, rarer than roses.

I will concisely describe this palace, for I gushed over its marvellous beauty, harder than gold.
The pier had seventy cymae reversae made of azure basalt.
Beneath these were sixteen entases made of black marble that Pharaoh never commanded.
Between these were sixty cables of white porphyry harder than silver.
Along these were seven gorgets of purple sandstone.

Behind these were six oculi made of jade the colour of snow, such as Alexander never saw.

I will briefly describe this structure, for I respected its beautiful design.
The oculus had nine cymbiae carved from soapstone fairer than rubies.
Before these were three fasciae of sandstone that Midas never dreamt of.
Between these were four spandrels made of scarlet sandstone harder than roses.
Before these were five scotiae carved from azure sandstone.

Before these were sixteen torques of green granite.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I marvelled at its masterly severity.
The hypothesis had nineteen ovoli of basalt the colour of grapes, smoother than silver.
Beside these were six abaci of orichalcum the colour of lilies.
Behind these were four rinceaux of sandstone the colour of a placid lake.
Around these were five bindings made of basalt the colour of the night sky.



I will calmly describe this pyramid, for I respected its luminous construction, such as Pharos never dreamt of.
The areobate had two cymae reversae of azure marble fairer than sapphires.
Beneath these were fourteen gulae made of porphyry more enduring than rubies.
Between these were two gorgets of granite the colour of a placid lake.

Behind these were fifteen astragals carved from marble more precious than snow.
Between these were three colonnettes carved from jade the colour of a hound's coat.

I will calmly describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its unusual beauty.
The altar had sixteen echini carved from viridian porphyry.
Along these were nineteen reglets of soapstone such as Pharaoh never commanded.
Around these were twelve ovoli made of sandstone the colour of flesh, sleeker than lilies.
Above these were twelve orbiculi of green porphyry more beautiful than gold.
Inside these were eighteen cornices made of white marble.
Behind these were fifty cymae reversae carved from sandstone the colour of grapes, more beautiful than silver.

I will joyfully describe this fane, for I wondered at its expert workmanship and its ancient delicacy, rarer than gold.
The hypotrachelia had seven cables of orichalcum such as Rome never fashioned.
Behind these were thirteen reglets carved from granite.
Inside these were ten areobates made of sandstone sleeker than roses.

Along these were fourteen gulae of viridian orichalcum sleeker than silver.


I will joyfully describe this palace, for I was surprised by its austere lustre and its unusual serenity.
The areobate had ninety scotiae made of orichalcum more brilliant than snow.
Around these were nine cordings of azure sandstone more brilliant than snow.
Along these were fifteen socles of jade smoother than silver.

Along these were eighty cymae reversae carved from porphyry the colour of violets, such as Caesar never saw.
Behind these were three tori carved from basalt the colour of a stormy sea.

I will patiently describe this structure, for I wondered at its costly quality and its matchless design.
The altar had nine socles made of basalt more precious than gold.
Beneath these were seventy nextrules carved from orichalcum the colour of the night sky, rarer than gold.
Beside these were five voussoirs carved from basalt sleeker than sapphires.
Behind these were eight cymbiae made of purple jade.
Below these were forty cymae reversae carved from basalt the colour of grapes.


I will patiently describe this pyramid, for I marvelled at its immortal architecture and its luxurious craft, that Alexander never commanded.
The architrave had eighteen entases made of pink basalt.
Around these were eight metopes carved from sandstone fairer than lilies.
Between these were seventy colonnettes carved from soapstone.


Around these were eighteen wave-mouldings made of granite fairer than rubies.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its exceptional quality.
The archivolt had fifteen voussoirs carved from porphyry.
Beneath these were seventy cymae carved from marble the colour of satin, such as Caesar never fashioned.
Behind these were fifty fasciae carved from soapstone the colour of the night sky, more enduring than roses.
Inside these were ninety cymae made of green granite more beautiful than gold.



I will painstakingly describe this palace, for I swooned at its antique severity.
The metope had four scotiae made of black jade more beautiful than silver.
Inside these were fifteen bindings carved from marble such as Athens never fashioned.
Beside these were seventeen volutes made of granite such as Pharos never built.
Beneath these were sixty fillets carved from brown basalt that Sparta never built.

Between these were fourteen trochiloi of granite the colour of flesh, such as Sparta never commanded.

I will swiftly describe this temple, for I was surprised by its beautiful beauty, that Alexander never built.
The podium had eighteen spandrels carved from soapstone the colour of lilies, that Midas never commanded.
Beneath these were twenty tesseraa made of scarlet marble rarer than gold.
Along these were thirteen socles of scarlet orichalcum.
Beneath these were fifteen hypotracheliae made of purple basalt more brilliant than sapphires.
Above these were twelve trochleae of lilac marble.


I will calmly describe this structure, for I respected its exceptional craft.
The podium had six dentils carved from granite that Alexander never saw.
Before these were nine hypotracheliae of granite that Midas never commanded.
Behind these were seventy ovoli carved from soapstone the colour of a hound's coat, more beautiful than sapphires.
Behind these were eight trochleae made of marble the colour of the night sky, smoother than rubies.
Behind these were seventy torques of marble the colour of snow, sleeker than silver.
Beside these were seventeen cornices of soapstone such as Cyprus never saw.

I will concisely describe this fane, for I swooned at its never-to-be-excelled severity and its rich construction.
The podium had twenty cables of granite smoother than lilies.
Between these were nineteen metopes of black basalt more enduring than gold.
Along these were eighty coronae made of azure soapstone.
Before these were ninety cymae reversae of basalt the colour of flesh.
Between these were fourteen channels of soapstone smoother than stars.
Behind these were fourteen wave-mouldings of viridian jade smoother than gold.

I will calmly describe this theatre, for I enjoyed its luminous workmanship, smoother than sapphires.
The epistyle had fifteen cymatii of soapstone fairer than lilies.
Around these were two reglets of jade the colour of snow, more precious than gold.
Beneath these were thirteen cymae reversae carved from jade the colour of morning mist, harder than gold.
Beside these were five tori made of green soapstone.
Below these were six trochleae of marble the colour of a placid lake.


I will truthfully describe this temple, for I respected its marvellous quality, such as Athens never fashioned.
The metope had eleven ovoli carved from orichalcum such as Pharaoh never saw.
Beside these were ten channels of yellow porphyry.
Below these were fifty dentils made of porphyry fairer than stars.


Beneath these were three cables of basalt.

I will truthfully describe this palace, for I gushed over its admirable delicacy and its outstanding gravity, that Alexander never commanded.
The podium had nineteen oculi made of brown basalt.
Beside these were eighty dentils carved from orichalcum harder than silver.
Around these were fifteen orbiculi carved from orichalcum.

Inside these were sixty rinceaux carved from porphyry the colour of the night sky, smoother than rubies.
Behind these were thirteen nextrules made of sandstone more enduring than stars.

I will concisely describe this temple, for I was surprised by its antique lustre and its masterly beauty.
The oculus had seventeen nextrules carved from granite.
Beside these were five fillets carved from granite that Alexander never saw.
Above these were four dentils carved from black basalt sleeker than sapphires.
Between these were eighty fasciae made of scarlet soapstone sleeker than rubies.
Above these were fifty reglets made of orichalcum the colour of snow.


I will quickly describe this structure, for I was astonished by its ancient design.
The archivolt had sixty scotiae of white soapstone more enduring than snow.
Before these were five bindings made of purple porphyry.
Behind these were sixty wave-mouldings made of porphyry the colour of satin, that Pharos never fashioned.

Behind these were two ovoli of porphyry harder than lilies.
Behind these were fifteen tori carved from yellow sandstone such as Pharos never commanded.

I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its peerless serenity.
The altar had seventy cornices carved from marble.
Between these were two areobates of scarlet sandstone.
Behind these were seven areobates of jade.
Beside these were eighteen bindings made of granite more precious than gold.
Around these were seventeen stylobates of marble rarer than rubies.
Above these were thirty dentils carved from jade such as Cyprus never commanded.

I will patiently describe this structure, for I wondered at its matchless architecture, such as Caesar never commanded.
The stylopodium had two hypotracheliae made of yellow orichalcum.
Along these were twenty trochiloi made of pink porphyry more enduring than lilies.
Beside these were two hypotracheliae carved from marble.
Along these were nine entases carved from granite the colour of grapes, such as Rome never saw.



I will concisely describe this temple, for I marvelled at its peerless design, such as Rome never commanded.
The epistyle had fourteen socles of sandstone the colour of a placid lake, that Midas never built.
Beside these were eighty nextrules made of soapstone.
Along these were ten cordings made of granite fairer than roses.
Above these were fifty gullets made of sandstone the colour of grapes, that Midas never saw.

Above these were sixteen orbiculi made of flesh-coloured jade.

I will patiently describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its unusual gravity and its admirable design, such as Pharaoh never commanded.
The colonnette had thirteen torques carved from orichalcum the colour of flesh.
Above these were six abaci made of basalt.
Before these were seventeen trochiloi carved from purple orichalcum.
Below these were forty astragals of basalt sleeker than stars.
Between these were nineteen cymbiae carved from basalt that Carthage never dreamt of.
Along these were two cymatii made of granite the colour of lilies, that Rome never built.

I will truthfully describe this theatre, for I was astonished by its sumptuous craft and its incomparable architecture.
The pier had sixty fasciae carved from marble sleeker than stars.
Along these were fifty tesseraa of pink basalt such as Pharos never built.
Inside these were eight gulae of azure granite.
Inside these were seven ovoli of porphyry more enduring than sapphires.



I will happily describe this theatre, for I swooned at its rich construction.
The hypotrachelia had nineteen hypotracheliae made of jade the colour of the night sky, rarer than roses.
Behind these were seven rinceaux carved from sandstone the colour of grapes, that Pharaoh never built.
Inside these were thirty trochleae of sandstone the colour of morning mist.
Inside these were twenty cordings made of white sandstone rarer than roses.
Inside these were six hypotracheliae made of marble harder than rubies.
Above these were eight volutes carved from marble the colour of peaches.

I will patiently describe this fane, for I was surprised by its luxurious quality and its sumptuous craft.
The metope had seventeen echini of granite the colour of a stormy sea.
Inside these were forty cables of marble the colour of peaches.
Between these were ten oculi made of porphyry the colour of a hound's coat.

Beside these were thirty cornices made of sandstone the colour of a hound's coat, such as Carthage never commanded.
Between these were nine channels of flesh-coloured granite fairer than lilies.

I will concisely describe this palace, for I was surprised by its wonderful construction and its matchless beauty.
The stylobate had four scotiae carved from white basalt rarer than lilies.
Along these were six scotiae made of yellow jade that Cyprus never saw.
Along these were five cymae carved from black orichalcum more beautiful than silver.

Behind these were eighty orbiculi made of black granite.


I will briefly describe this structure, for I was astonished by its expert lustre, harder than stars.
The epistyle had ten astragals made of viridian orichalcum.
Along these were ninety rinceaux of viridian granite more brilliant than sapphires.
Before these were ninety cymae of flesh-coloured basalt that Caesar never built.

Below these were five wave-mouldings made of sandstone the colour of the night sky, that Pharos never saw.
Beneath these were twenty abaci carved from porphyry the colour of lilies, that Midas never commanded.

I will calmly describe this fane, for I was astonished by its rich serenity.
The altar had twelve areobates carved from orichalcum more beautiful than rubies.
Above these were fourteen hypotracheliae of brown granite harder than gold.
Before these were two arulae made of sandstone smoother than sapphires.
Between these were fifteen cymae reversae of basalt the colour of the sky, such as Midas never commanded.

Along these were three hypotracheliae of soapstone.

I will concisely describe this theatre, for I admired its luminous beauty, that Cyprus never built.
The antis-column had eighty colonnettes of soapstone such as Troy never fashioned.
Beside these were eighteen coronae made of granite.
Along these were forty cymae reversae carved from jade the colour of snow.
Before these were three fasciae carved from sandstone more precious than stars.
Behind these were twenty mutules carved from marble rarer than stars.


I will patiently describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its luminous beauty and its sumptuous design.
The hypotrachelia had twenty voussoirs carved from sandstone the colour of grapes, such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Beneath these were nineteen fillets made of jade such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Inside these were two gulae of marble the colour of lilies, that Caesar never commanded.
Above these were nine cymatii carved from soapstone the colour of the sky, harder than silver.
Along these were nine dentils of jade.
Beside these were eighty metopes made of soapstone the colour of the night sky.

I will patiently describe this temple, for I marvelled at its costly workmanship, more brilliant than roses.
The hypotrachelia had eighty socles made of jade.
Beside these were sixteen spandrels carved from sandstone fairer than lilies.
Below these were three bindings carved from orichalcum the colour of morning mist.
Along these were eleven torques carved from orichalcum such as Midas never built.



I will concisely describe this theatre, for I was surprised by its peerless serenity.
The pier had nineteen coronae carved from jade the colour of violets, such as Sparta never built.
Above these were eighty hypotracheliae of porphyry.
Before these were sixty coronae carved from granite the colour of satin, such as Athens never commanded.
Beside these were two cymae made of orichalcum the colour of morning mist.



I will joyfully describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its exceptional craft and its wonderful workmanship.
The hypotrachelia had sixteen cordings made of granite.
Around these were twelve cymatii made of black soapstone.
Below these were nineteen cymbiae made of basalt sleeker than snow.

Around these were eight arulae of flesh-coloured basalt more enduring than gold.
Above these were sixteen voussoirs of orichalcum.

I will truthfully describe this palace, for I gushed over its expert workmanship and its wonderful quality, fairer than stars.
The altar had sixty hypotracheliae of yellow orichalcum.
Inside these were seventeen colonnettes made of soapstone such as Caesar never built.
Along these were three cables of pink soapstone that Rome never saw.
Behind these were ninety fasciae of orichalcum the colour of satin, fairer than gold.
Along these were fifty reglets made of flesh-coloured soapstone.
Inside these were eighty dentils carved from basalt the colour of satin.

I will swiftly describe this fane, for I was astonished by its incomparable workmanship, that Midas never commanded.
The areostyle had seven gulae made of granite the colour of satin, sleeker than rubies.
Beneath these were ninety astragals made of yellow porphyry rarer than silver.
Below these were forty stylobates made of porphyry rarer than lilies.

Below these were two stylobates carved from pink marble such as Cyprus never commanded.
Before these were fifteen coronae made of granite the colour of a stormy sea, that Alexander never saw.

I will happily describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its wonderful severity and its incomparable gravity.
The altar had forty channels carved from granite the colour of violets.
Above these were five voussoirs of soapstone the colour of snow.
Before these were fifty scotiae of viridian orichalcum.
Beneath these were seven gorgets made of porphyry fairer than snow.
Along these were sixty orbiculi carved from white porphyry such as Carthage never dreamt of.
Above these were sixty scotiae of sandstone the colour of the sky.

I will happily describe this palace, for I respected its matchless workmanship and its incomparable serenity, that Rome never built.
The hypotrachelia had seventy cymae carved from granite more precious than gold.
Beside these were nineteen abaci carved from flesh-coloured jade more enduring than gold.
Before these were sixty arulae carved from granite the colour of flesh.




I will briefly describe this structure, for I marvelled at its expert quality.
The hypotrachelia had ninety bindings made of sandstone the colour of satin.
Around these were nine cymae reversae of yellow granite.
Below these were thirty torques carved from porphyry the colour of the sky.
Before these were fifteen gullets made of viridian porphyry smoother than silver.
Around these were forty trochiloi of jade such as Cyprus never dreamt of.
Inside these were thirteen tori carved from marble the colour of grapes, smoother than roses.

I will swiftly describe this fane, for I gushed over its wonderful gravity, fairer than stars.
The podium had fifteen bindings carved from sandstone such as Athens never built.
Before these were ten wave-mouldings of black orichalcum.
Beside these were ninety astragals carved from basalt.
Below these were nineteen cymatii carved from viridian granite rarer than roses.

Beside these were five tesseraa of green granite.

I will patiently describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its rich lustre.
The architrave had seven dentils of granite more enduring than rubies.
Between these were twelve cymae reversae of granite that Pharos never commanded.
Before these were three tesseraa of jade the colour of the sky, harder than rubies.
Around these were nine arulae carved from jade the colour of snow.

Above these were eight stylobates of sandstone the colour of flesh.

I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its expert delicacy and its unusual quality.
The epistyle had forty oculi carved from granite that Sparta never built.
Beneath these were seven gorgets carved from basalt the colour of satin, sleeker than stars.
Along these were nine metopes carved from granite the colour of snow.
Between these were two cymbiae made of orichalcum the colour of violets.
Between these were nine voussoirs carved from marble the colour of lilies, that Carthage never built.
Between these were eighteen bindings made of soapstone more brilliant than roses.

I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I gushed over its luminous serenity and its ancient serenity.
The podium had thirty channels carved from soapstone.
Between these were two oculi of scarlet granite.
Below these were nineteen fillets made of yellow jade such as Carthage never built.
Above these were two astragals carved from basalt such as Pharaoh never commanded.
Before these were sixteen volutes of sandstone the colour of a hound's coat, such as Alexander never built.


I will quickly describe this fane, for I enjoyed its austere beauty.
The altar had seven cymae reversae of yellow sandstone that Pharsalia never commanded.
Before these were eleven cordings carved from granite harder than lilies.
Beside these were seventy torques of sandstone the colour of morning mist.
Beneath these were fifteen rinceaux of soapstone the colour of peaches.
Beside these were three rinceaux of black granite that Carthage never saw.
Below these were eleven orbiculi carved from soapstone fairer than rubies.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I respected its costly workmanship and its expert severity, sleeker than roses.
The stylopodium had eighty gorgets carved from sandstone the colour of a hound's coat, fairer than gold.
Around these were forty ovoli made of pink jade.
Inside these were four wave-mouldings carved from sandstone the colour of violets.
Above these were six arulae of marble that Carthage never fashioned.
Around these were fifteen wave-mouldings made of granite that Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Above these were seventy cordings carved from orichalcum the colour of morning mist, such as Athens never fashioned.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I admired its admirable design and its wonderful quality, harder than snow.
The podium had eight channels of orichalcum the colour of violets.
Beneath these were ninety trochleae made of flesh-coloured jade such as Sparta never fashioned.
Along these were ninety cymatii carved from soapstone more enduring than snow.
Before these were twelve cymbiae of viridian basalt such as Athens never fashioned.
Between these were fourteen oculi made of green porphyry sleeker than sapphires.


I will joyfully describe this fane, for I wondered at its rich delicacy.
The stylobate had fifty mutules carved from brown porphyry such as Alexander never saw.
Behind these were six abaci of brown soapstone that Athens never built.
Beside these were fifteen colonnettes made of granite such as Caesar never fashioned.

Beneath these were seventy cables of marble the colour of flesh, rarer than silver.
Below these were nine areobates carved from sandstone the colour of grapes, fairer than snow.

I will quickly describe this pyramid, for I admired its luxurious craft and its beautiful severity, rarer than roses.
The oculus had fourteen rinceaux of pink marble that Midas never saw.
Below these were twenty gulae made of orichalcum the colour of violets, such as Pharaoh never saw.
Before these were fifty dentils made of orichalcum.
Along these were forty fillets carved from soapstone such as Caesar never built.
Beside these were thirty trochiloi of orichalcum the colour of a hound's coat, harder than sapphires.
Beneath these were ninety gorgets carved from orichalcum.

I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its praiseworthy delicacy and its costly construction, such as Midas never commanded.
The areobate had four tesseraa of porphyry the colour of violets, such as Caesar never built.
Inside these were seven gulae of green soapstone more brilliant than rubies.
Inside these were fourteen gorgets of jade the colour of lilies, such as Alexander never commanded.
Before these were seventy channels of lilac granite that Midas never dreamt of.
Beside these were two channels of brown basalt more enduring than gold.
Below these were forty orbiculi made of porphyry the colour of peaches.

I will truthfully describe this palace, for I enjoyed its exceptional craft and its ancient craft.
The archivolt had six fasciae carved from basalt that Midas never fashioned.
Between these were fifty cymatii of sandstone the colour of a hound's coat, fairer than sapphires.
Above these were eighteen cordings made of scarlet porphyry harder than silver.
Beside these were sixteen echini made of sandstone the colour of peaches.

Behind these were two bindings made of orichalcum more precious than rubies.

I will joyfully describe this structure, for I swooned at its rich construction.
The epistyle had six arulae made of orichalcum the colour of satin, such as Athens never fashioned.
Above these were fifty cymatii carved from jade that Cyprus never dreamt of.
Below these were four arulae carved from flesh-coloured jade rarer than stars.
Between these were eighteen spandrels made of porphyry that Midas never fashioned.

Behind these were four socles made of lilac orichalcum such as Cyprus never saw.

I will briefly describe this fane, for I was surprised by its admirable severity and its costly severity, more enduring than gold.
The areobate had two entases carved from soapstone the colour of a placid lake.
Around these were nine rinceaux made of granite the colour of the sky.
Below these were eighty nextrules of granite the colour of peaches, harder than snow.




I will swiftly describe this temple, for I marvelled at its exceptional quality and its expert craft.
The antis-column had nine torques made of soapstone the colour of lilies.
Beneath these were five ovoli carved from scarlet marble sleeker than gold.
Above these were two spandrels of basalt.
Inside these were three cymbiae made of flesh-coloured porphyry more enduring than silver.
Inside these were eighteen nextrules carved from flesh-coloured marble that Troy never commanded.
Between these were six stylobates of jade harder than lilies.

I will concisely describe this temple, for I gushed over its wonderful quality and its praiseworthy delicacy.
The hypothesis had nine bindings made of basalt the colour of a hound's coat.
Along these were seven entases of soapstone the colour of a stormy sea.
Inside these were five channels carved from marble.
Along these were forty torques made of soapstone the colour of violets, that Sparta never built.
Along these were ninety stylobates made of sandstone rarer than sapphires.
Below these were two dentils of brown sandstone such as Troy never commanded.

I will patiently describe this temple, for I was astonished by its ancient workmanship.
The plinth had thirteen abaci of pink orichalcum.
Above these were three rinceaux made of marble the colour of the night sky, sleeker than silver.
Above these were two gulae carved from porphyry the colour of a placid lake, more brilliant than stars.

Between these were twenty channels carved from marble the colour of a stormy sea, such as Pharsalia never saw.
Before these were thirteen fasciae carved from orichalcum the colour of morning mist, more beautiful than lilies.

I will joyfully describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its expert lustre.
The colonnette had fourteen colonnettes made of porphyry.
Behind these were eighty trochleae made of jade that Pharaoh never commanded.
Above these were twelve bindings carved from jade.

Before these were fifty rinceaux made of soapstone more brilliant than lilies.
Before these were ninety gulae of porphyry the colour of lilies, sleeker than roses.

I will briefly describe this temple, for I admired its matchless design, such as Caesar never fashioned.
The antis-column had eight trochiloi carved from sandstone such as Pharsalia never saw.
Before these were eighteen tori carved from azure granite that Sparta never commanded.
Above these were fifty cornices carved from porphyry the colour of snow, rarer than rubies.
Behind these were seven hypotracheliae carved from pink basalt sleeker than snow.

Below these were forty astragals carved from purple granite fairer than rubies.

I will joyfully describe this theatre, for I gushed over its masterly beauty.
The colonnette had four wave-mouldings of white basalt that Pharos never dreamt of.
Above these were fourteen tesseraa carved from sandstone more brilliant than rubies.
Above these were eight nextrules made of granite the colour of peaches, such as Athens never fashioned.
Between these were eleven wave-mouldings of soapstone the colour of a placid lake, such as Midas never built.
Above these were ninety trochleae carved from sandstone the colour of grapes, rarer than lilies.


I will patiently describe this fane, for I marvelled at its peerless serenity, rarer than stars.
The hypotrachelia had thirty stylobates made of jade the colour of grapes, more precious than gold.
Along these were forty entases of lilac basalt smoother than stars.
Behind these were four gullets carved from granite the colour of snow, that Athens never commanded.
Below these were seventy arulae carved from brown jade more beautiful than snow.
Below these were four cymbiae made of orichalcum more enduring than rubies.


I will truthfully describe this theatre, for I delighted in its marvellous gravity, more brilliant than lilies.
The metope had forty gullets carved from brown porphyry more precious than roses.
Between these were five cables carved from jade.
Inside these were eleven scotiae made of purple orichalcum that Pharaoh never saw.
Between these were eighty orbiculi carved from orichalcum the colour of the sky.
Behind these were eleven voussoirs carved from sandstone more brilliant than silver.
Beside these were sixteen echini carved from lilac porphyry.

I will briefly describe this theatre, for I enjoyed its luminous delicacy, rarer than rubies.
The hypotrachelia had eighty rinceaux of porphyry.
Behind these were sixteen fasciae made of jade the colour of the sky, harder than snow.
Between these were six cymae reversae of sandstone more brilliant than lilies.

Before these were fifty fasciae made of brown sandstone.


I will joyfully describe this palace, for I was astonished by its masterly serenity, more precious than sapphires.
The altar had thirteen trochleae of yellow marble that Rome never built.
Beside these were twelve entases made of black sandstone.
Behind these were thirty wave-mouldings carved from porphyry that Troy never dreamt of.
Beside these were four socles made of white soapstone.

Below these were forty rinceaux carved from marble such as Midas never commanded.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I admired its austere construction and its rich architecture.
The areostyle had twenty cymatii of lilac porphyry.
Before these were forty tori carved from white basalt rarer than silver.
Around these were twelve oculi carved from white basalt smoother than roses.
Between these were sixty areobates made of marble that Midas never built.
Around these were ninety torques of jade the colour of peaches.
Behind these were two tesseraa made of granite the colour of violets.

I will painstakingly describe this fane, for I enjoyed its peerless beauty, smoother than snow.
The areostyle had seventeen gulae made of sandstone the colour of satin.
Along these were six fillets made of basalt the colour of lilies.
Before these were twenty ovoli made of orichalcum.
Along these were nineteen tesseraa of soapstone the colour of morning mist, fairer than sapphires.
Before these were fourteen oculi of azure jade.


I will joyfully describe this fane, for I delighted in its peerless lustre and its masterly workmanship.
The pilaster had sixteen entases carved from soapstone the colour of peaches, such as Midas never commanded.
Along these were five voussoirs carved from marble the colour of lilies.
Below these were thirteen rinceaux carved from jade such as Alexander never dreamt of.
Behind these were fifteen fasciae of basalt the colour of grapes, more precious than snow.
Along these were fifty cordings carved from orichalcum the colour of grapes, that Athens never saw.
Around these were fourteen trochiloi made of lilac granite more precious than gold.

I will calmly describe this structure, for I was astonished by its austere construction and its costly severity, smoother than roses.
The pier had thirty orbiculi carved from soapstone such as Pharsalia never commanded.
Beneath these were eight arulae carved from granite the colour of satin.
Before these were fifty hypotracheliae made of sandstone the colour of satin, fairer than sapphires.
Below these were eleven echini made of granite that Sparta never saw.
Behind these were fifty hypotracheliae made of yellow soapstone.
Between these were sixty coronae made of green basalt harder than lilies.

I will painstakingly describe this fane, for I swooned at its ancient quality.
The pier had nineteen orbiculi made of soapstone that Midas never dreamt of.
Above these were seven gorgets carved from granite.
Above these were fifty fillets carved from orichalcum the colour of peaches, more beautiful than roses.
Beside these were sixty gulae made of porphyry that Rome never built.



I will patiently describe this fane, for I delighted in its admirable workmanship, such as Pharaoh never fashioned.
The antis-column had nineteen entases made of brown sandstone rarer than roses.
Beside these were forty echini made of basalt.
Above these were forty areobates made of sandstone.
Beneath these were twelve cordings of azure porphyry that Cyprus never dreamt of.
Beside these were seventy trochleae of porphyry.
Beneath these were thirty socles of orichalcum such as Troy never commanded.

I will happily describe this palace, for I gushed over its wonderful design and its luxurious quality, that Troy never built.
The archivolt had seven tesseraa of orichalcum the colour of flesh.
Beneath these were eight cymae of marble the colour of snow, more precious than lilies.
Above these were nine abaci of green sandstone.

Around these were three coronae made of soapstone the colour of lilies, more precious than stars.
Below these were twenty trochiloi carved from porphyry.

I will briefly describe this temple, for I swooned at its expert serenity and its admirable design, smoother than sapphires.
The archivolt had thirteen cymae carved from green jade more enduring than stars.
Beside these were seven gullets of soapstone the colour of morning mist.
Along these were seventy spandrels carved from soapstone rarer than silver.

Inside these were seventeen gorgets carved from purple porphyry.


I will concisely describe this theatre, for I gushed over its marvellous beauty and its ancient beauty.
The zophorus had four wave-mouldings of orichalcum the colour of flesh, that Caesar never fashioned.
Inside these were eighteen hypotracheliae of brown orichalcum rarer than roses.
Around these were sixty socles carved from viridian orichalcum smoother than lilies.
Around these were seventeen rinceaux carved from sandstone the colour of morning mist.
Along these were nine colonnettes of purple basalt.
Around these were seventeen cymae made of lilac jade.

I will patiently describe this fane, for I was surprised by its rich construction.
The pilaster had seventeen tori made of lilac marble more enduring than lilies.
Around these were twenty cymatii carved from basalt.
Before these were nine torques of sandstone the colour of grapes, such as Cyprus never saw.
Inside these were fifty gorgets carved from porphyry the colour of a placid lake, such as Alexander never dreamt of.
Between these were three cordings of lilac granite that Caesar never commanded.


I will happily describe this palace, for I marvelled at its unusual delicacy, smoother than gold.
The altar had six channels of sandstone more brilliant than roses.
Below these were sixteen ovoli made of orichalcum the colour of flesh.
Along these were thirteen spandrels carved from scarlet porphyry.
Behind these were fifty fasciae of sandstone such as Alexander never built.
Beneath these were seventy volutes of sandstone such as Midas never dreamt of.
Beneath these were eight cables of soapstone.

I will concisely describe this fane, for I respected its rich quality and its marvellous design, that Pharaoh never saw.
The plinth had two hypotracheliae carved from orichalcum the colour of the sky, such as Alexander never commanded.
Along these were ten dentils made of viridian granite sleeker than stars.
Before these were eighty arulae made of porphyry the colour of peaches, smoother than lilies.
Around these were thirteen gulae made of viridian soapstone fairer than stars.
Before these were seventy metopes of porphyry the colour of a stormy sea, such as Cyprus never saw.
Below these were five oculi of green marble fairer than silver.

I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I marvelled at its sumptuous serenity, fairer than silver.
The oculus had five trochiloi made of marble.
Inside these were nine arulae carved from azure marble more precious than sapphires.
Beside these were five mutules of green marble such as Pharsalia never commanded.
Along these were seventy arulae made of azure basalt.

Around these were thirteen dentils of purple marble.

I will quickly describe this theatre, for I admired its admirable construction and its ancient construction.
The hypotrachelia had two cymbiae made of sandstone the colour of the sky.
Between these were nine oculi carved from soapstone more enduring than sapphires.
Around these were six colonnettes made of basalt the colour of violets.

Before these were six nextrules of porphyry.
Below these were three gullets of orichalcum the colour of lilies.

I will briefly describe this temple, for I was surprised by its rich lustre and its luminous severity, such as Alexander never fashioned.
The colonnette had thirteen colonnettes made of sandstone.
Around these were sixteen dentils carved from sandstone rarer than lilies.
Behind these were eight colonnettes carved from granite the colour of snow, that Pharaoh never fashioned.
Beneath these were sixteen dentils made of brown porphyry more beautiful than silver.

Around these were thirty cornices of basalt the colour of grapes.

I will patiently describe this palace, for I delighted in its sumptuous lustre.
The colonnette had eighteen fillets made of flesh-coloured marble such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Around these were ninety abaci made of jade.
Between these were seven colonnettes carved from soapstone the colour of peaches.


Along these were thirty tori carved from flesh-coloured basalt.

I will happily describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its never-to-be-excelled design.
The colonnette had five coronae made of sandstone the colour of satin, fairer than roses.
Below these were thirteen gulae of brown basalt.
Inside these were ninety metopes carved from soapstone more precious than silver.
Before these were sixteen colonnettes of jade.
Between these were eighty gullets made of orichalcum that Pharos never saw.
Beneath these were forty oculi of azure granite that Sparta never dreamt of.

I will happily describe this palace, for I delighted in its rich quality.
The stylopodium had nineteen stylobates carved from basalt more beautiful than rubies.
Inside these were twenty channels made of black marble that Athens never saw.
Between these were sixteen volutes carved from scarlet sandstone rarer than roses.
Around these were three oculi carved from basalt such as Pharos never commanded.
Beside these were seven nextrules carved from soapstone the colour of the sky.
Between these were twenty mutules of orichalcum more precious than snow.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I delighted in its exceptional delicacy and its ancient severity, that Caesar never built.
The zophorus had ten fasciae carved from orichalcum the colour of the night sky, such as Midas never dreamt of.
Beneath these were ten echini of flesh-coloured marble.
Between these were nineteen stylobates carved from marble the colour of grapes.


Before these were thirteen cymae reversae of brown soapstone.

I will patiently describe this temple, for I marvelled at its austere quality and its immortal serenity, fairer than lilies.
The epistyle had thirty cymbiae of sandstone the colour of a placid lake.
Before these were seventeen abaci of soapstone that Troy never built.
Around these were ninety trochiloi made of sandstone the colour of flesh, that Rome never saw.
Beneath these were fourteen cordings made of porphyry the colour of the night sky.
Inside these were eleven volutes made of jade the colour of morning mist, such as Pharsalia never dreamt of.
Above these were eleven trochiloi carved from white porphyry.

I will calmly describe this structure, for I respected its incomparable gravity.
The hypotrachelia had thirty bindings carved from soapstone.
Along these were eighteen oculi of purple soapstone.
Along these were fourteen cymae carved from black soapstone.
Above these were eighty metopes made of viridian orichalcum rarer than rubies.
Inside these were eleven reglets made of yellow soapstone smoother than roses.


I will concisely describe this structure, for I enjoyed its praiseworthy beauty.
The plinth had fifteen orbiculi made of soapstone.
Beside these were nineteen cordings carved from brown porphyry more brilliant than roses.
Behind these were seven orbiculi of black basalt.

Above these were ten astragals of porphyry the colour of a hound's coat, that Caesar never saw.


I will truthfully describe this structure, for I admired its immortal severity and its rich serenity.
The colonnette had fifteen arulae of basalt.
Between these were sixteen arulae carved from porphyry.
Along these were fifty cymatii carved from marble the colour of snow, fairer than lilies.

Below these were twelve channels of porphyry the colour of violets.
Beneath these were five tori made of brown orichalcum more enduring than stars.

I will truthfully describe this theatre, for I was surprised by its antique construction, such as Caesar never fashioned.
The hypothesis had seventy areobates made of basalt more brilliant than rubies.
Before these were fifty socles of sandstone the colour of peaches.
Between these were eighteen fasciae of marble sleeker than lilies.
Before these were eighty dentils made of basalt.

Below these were twenty cymbiae made of viridian granite.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I was surprised by its antique delicacy.
The oculus had two fillets of porphyry.
Around these were nine spandrels made of yellow jade.
Beside these were seventy fasciae of brown soapstone rarer than gold.
Beneath these were sixteen entases carved from jade more beautiful than snow.
Inside these were twelve orbiculi made of soapstone the colour of a placid lake.
Below these were twelve entases carved from black orichalcum more precious than rubies.

I will painstakingly describe this theatre, for I was astonished by its exceptional gravity and its matchless gravity, that Pharos never saw.
The hypothesis had eleven stylobates made of azure marble.
Beneath these were twenty gorgets made of marble that Troy never saw.
Between these were three cordings of basalt.
Between these were thirty gulae of sandstone.
Along these were eighteen oculi of azure porphyry.


I will patiently describe this pyramid, for I admired its never-to-be-excelled workmanship, fairer than snow.
The hypothesis had eleven bindings carved from basalt more brilliant than sapphires.
Along these were sixteen echini made of pink orichalcum more enduring than roses.
Inside these were twelve arulae made of orichalcum.

Behind these were fifty cymatii made of yellow porphyry.
Below these were six volutes of scarlet sandstone that Caesar never commanded.

I will calmly describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its masterly delicacy and its outstanding craft.
The zophorus had eighteen cables of brown sandstone such as Sparta never commanded.
Below these were fifteen echini of sandstone the colour of grapes, such as Troy never built.
Behind these were nineteen echini of sandstone the colour of a stormy sea.
Beside these were three rinceaux made of marble the colour of a stormy sea.
Inside these were nineteen stylobates made of jade the colour of satin.
Behind these were nine bindings carved from granite harder than sapphires.

I will joyfully describe this structure, for I gushed over its masterly delicacy and its unusual gravity, more precious than lilies.
The plinth had forty reglets made of porphyry the colour of a stormy sea, fairer than stars.
Around these were thirty nextrules made of orichalcum that Troy never fashioned.
Before these were fifteen metopes made of orichalcum.

Below these were five channels of sandstone the colour of the sky.
Beside these were ten cymatii carved from pink orichalcum.

I will joyfully describe this fane, for I enjoyed its costly gravity and its antique severity, more precious than roses.
The plinth had eight bindings of flesh-coloured sandstone that Carthage never dreamt of.
Beside these were twenty gorgets made of orichalcum the colour of a stormy sea, more beautiful than stars.
Below these were sixteen gulae of granite.
Beneath these were forty metopes made of scarlet basalt that Troy never dreamt of.
Around these were twelve entases of soapstone.
Beneath these were fifteen oculi carved from basalt the colour of grapes.

I will quickly describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its ancient serenity.
The podium had twelve gorgets made of white orichalcum.
Before these were forty cymae reversae of sandstone such as Troy never saw.
Above these were eleven cymae of sandstone the colour of violets, sleeker than lilies.
Inside these were twelve torques of porphyry the colour of grapes.
Beneath these were five reglets made of basalt the colour of flesh.
Before these were thirteen trochiloi made of black porphyry more enduring than gold.

I will happily describe this theatre, for I enjoyed its never-to-be-excelled beauty, more brilliant than roses.
The colonnette had eleven nextrules made of soapstone such as Midas never saw.
Along these were eleven scotiae of marble that Cyprus never saw.
Beside these were sixty echini made of granite more enduring than stars.
Between these were five mutules carved from marble.
Around these were ten trochiloi made of sandstone the colour of lilies, such as Carthage never built.
Above these were three fasciae of marble the colour of morning mist.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I delighted in its never-to-be-excelled serenity, such as Carthage never commanded.
The colonnette had seventy stylobates of sandstone such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Between these were forty tori carved from soapstone fairer than snow.
Around these were nine nextrules carved from marble harder than sapphires.
Above these were ten channels of orichalcum.
Beneath these were seven volutes of brown soapstone such as Sparta never built.


I will quickly describe this structure, for I swooned at its luxurious gravity.
The stylobate had eight scotiae made of jade more precious than lilies.
Before these were eighteen nextrules of basalt that Rome never dreamt of.
Above these were nineteen metopes of sandstone more beautiful than rubies.
Around these were nineteen cymae carved from brown granite.
Above these were three cymae reversae made of marble that Pharsalia never commanded.


I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I admired its luminous lustre, rarer than gold.
The stylopodium had sixty gullets carved from orichalcum more brilliant than stars.
Around these were eleven rinceaux carved from azure marble fairer than gold.
Around these were ninety fasciae made of soapstone the colour of flesh.
Beneath these were six cymbiae carved from purple sandstone.
Along these were nineteen fasciae carved from porphyry such as Caesar never commanded.


I will happily describe this fane, for I delighted in its luminous design, such as Pharsalia never commanded.
The plinth had eight cymatii made of yellow orichalcum that Alexander never saw.
Behind these were fifteen rinceaux carved from white sandstone more beautiful than stars.
Between these were three scotiae carved from flesh-coloured marble fairer than lilies.

Behind these were seven nextrules of granite more beautiful than rubies.
Beneath these were seventeen trochleae made of soapstone the colour of morning mist, harder than stars.

I will quickly describe this palace, for I swooned at its luxurious severity.
The colonnette had twelve coronae carved from jade such as Pharsalia never saw.
Along these were five oculi carved from yellow granite that Alexander never dreamt of.
Before these were sixteen trochiloi carved from orichalcum smoother than rubies.


Before these were eight cables of soapstone the colour of the sky, sleeker than stars.

I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its marvellous craft and its matchless design.
The plinth had thirteen echini of porphyry the colour of morning mist, such as Sparta never saw.
Inside these were seventeen ovoli carved from sandstone.
Above these were eleven tesseraa carved from jade the colour of the night sky, harder than stars.

Along these were twenty cordings of basalt such as Rome never saw.
Along these were sixty oculi carved from porphyry sleeker than lilies.

I will joyfully describe this palace, for I was astonished by its immortal severity, such as Pharaoh never fashioned.
The pier had seventeen cymae reversae made of jade the colour of snow.
Inside these were eight gullets carved from marble rarer than lilies.
Behind these were five cables of basalt the colour of violets.
Between these were eighty socles of jade fairer than rubies.



I will patiently describe this structure, for I was surprised by its masterly delicacy and its costly gravity.
The plinth had seventeen trochiloi carved from brown sandstone harder than snow.
Before these were eighty dentils carved from jade that Carthage never dreamt of.
Beside these were eighty trochleae carved from basalt more brilliant than gold.
Inside these were eight trochleae of brown basalt rarer than snow.
Above these were twelve stylobates carved from scarlet orichalcum.


I will painstakingly describe this fane, for I swooned at its exceptional quality.
The archivolt had two abaci carved from granite more precious than sapphires.
Around these were twenty coronae made of scarlet granite rarer than sapphires.
Before these were ninety rinceaux made of viridian sandstone more enduring than silver.
Around these were twenty gorgets made of orichalcum more brilliant than roses.
Around these were ninety voussoirs of sandstone.
Above these were eighty wave-mouldings made of granite more enduring than silver.

I will happily describe this pyramid, for I marvelled at its unusual quality and its praiseworthy delicacy, that Sparta never dreamt of.
The podium had fourteen echini of orichalcum the colour of lilies.
Around these were twelve gorgets made of green soapstone such as Rome never saw.
Before these were sixty arulae carved from soapstone the colour of peaches.

Beneath these were ten cymbiae of viridian marble smoother than rubies.


I will quickly describe this palace, for I admired its never-to-be-excelled workmanship.
The archivolt had two hypotracheliae made of viridian basalt smoother than snow.
Inside these were six stylobates made of sandstone such as Carthage never commanded.
Below these were eleven scotiae made of yellow soapstone such as Alexander never dreamt of.

Below these were seven scotiae of sandstone more beautiful than rubies.


I will patiently describe this palace, for I admired its austere architecture and its praiseworthy severity.
The oculus had fourteen gulae of basalt that Alexander never commanded.
Along these were twelve abaci made of porphyry the colour of morning mist, rarer than snow.
Before these were seventeen tori made of brown marble.
Before these were fourteen gulae made of scarlet orichalcum that Cyprus never fashioned.
Inside these were forty bindings of sandstone the colour of peaches, smoother than snow.
Above these were ten metopes of sandstone.

I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its austere craft.
The colonnette had ninety trochiloi carved from green sandstone.
Beside these were forty abaci of marble the colour of peaches.
Around these were thirty gullets carved from scarlet soapstone that Midas never commanded.
Behind these were twenty cymbiae made of orichalcum the colour of satin, that Pharos never fashioned.
Along these were thirteen astragals of soapstone such as Alexander never dreamt of.
Below these were fifty gullets made of basalt that Athens never commanded.

I will quickly describe this theatre, for I gushed over its exceptional architecture, such as Sparta never fashioned.
The hypothesis had thirty trochiloi carved from jade.
Before these were thirty tori of black granite.
Below these were eighty fillets of marble smoother than stars.
Beneath these were forty cables made of white orichalcum.
Above these were twelve areobates carved from lilac orichalcum.


I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its exceptional architecture.
The antis-column had fourteen cymbiae of porphyry the colour of a stormy sea.
Above these were fifteen spandrels carved from jade the colour of morning mist, more brilliant than lilies.
Inside these were thirteen cymae made of basalt that Caesar never saw.
Beside these were twelve tesseraa carved from marble the colour of lilies, that Alexander never fashioned.



I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its outstanding quality and its marvellous craft, such as Troy never commanded.
The pier had eight volutes carved from soapstone harder than snow.
Before these were ten coronae carved from basalt the colour of the night sky.
Above these were sixty gorgets of marble the colour of lilies.
Below these were twelve cymbiae carved from soapstone more brilliant than lilies.
Between these were eighty scotiae made of purple soapstone more enduring than stars.
Beneath these were twelve spandrels made of lilac basalt that Rome never built.

I will quickly describe this temple, for I swooned at its luxurious design, harder than rubies.
The antis-column had five coronae of jade the colour of a stormy sea, harder than rubies.
Below these were fifty ovoli carved from basalt sleeker than snow.
Below these were sixty volutes of viridian marble that Pharaoh never commanded.
Above these were eleven coronae carved from soapstone the colour of snow.

Inside these were fifty spandrels of orichalcum such as Athens never commanded.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I wondered at its peerless design.
The colonnette had five fillets made of viridian jade such as Alexander never saw.
Beside these were sixty nextrules made of sandstone the colour of the sky, that Midas never saw.
Between these were sixty cymatii carved from basalt the colour of flesh, smoother than silver.
Beneath these were ten abaci carved from green basalt.

Below these were four wave-mouldings made of viridian marble fairer than silver.

I will concisely describe this structure, for I was surprised by its immortal design and its peerless lustre, that Pharos never dreamt of.
The epistyle had sixteen rinceaux carved from orichalcum the colour of satin.
Before these were six fasciae made of soapstone the colour of a stormy sea.
Around these were fifty nextrules of jade the colour of the sky, such as Pharsalia never commanded.
Between these were nineteen cymbiae made of sandstone such as Caesar never fashioned.



I will happily describe this palace, for I admired its peerless design.
The oculus had ten bindings of azure porphyry harder than snow.
Beneath these were sixty torques of jade harder than rubies.
Inside these were seventeen reglets made of sandstone such as Midas never saw.
Above these were ninety stylobates of basalt the colour of peaches, fairer than lilies.



I will joyfully describe this theatre, for I gushed over its marvellous quality and its unusual craft, sleeker than stars.
The zophorus had six nextrules made of sandstone more precious than sapphires.
Before these were six mutules made of sandstone more brilliant than stars.
Behind these were seven cables carved from granite the colour of satin, smoother than lilies.
Beside these were nineteen echini carved from orichalcum that Cyprus never saw.
Along these were eleven astragals carved from basalt the colour of lilies, such as Sparta never dreamt of.


I will happily describe this pyramid, for I gushed over its exceptional beauty.
The plinth had eight gulae of soapstone that Athens never dreamt of.
Beside these were fourteen cables carved from soapstone the colour of violets, that Caesar never saw.
Beneath these were sixteen cornices made of soapstone that Pharsalia never built.


Along these were two trochleae made of jade such as Cyprus never saw.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I admired its masterly design and its luxurious quality.
The podium had ten arulae made of white porphyry such as Pharos never dreamt of.
Inside these were sixteen cordings of scarlet granite.
Behind these were seven dentils carved from marble the colour of snow.
Beside these were sixty trochiloi carved from porphyry more enduring than roses.
Below these were sixteen colonnettes made of flesh-coloured granite sleeker than snow.
Inside these were fifteen dentils made of orichalcum the colour of a placid lake.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I swooned at its outstanding beauty and its never-to-be-excelled gravity, that Troy never saw.
The podium had seven cornices made of white granite more brilliant than stars.
Between these were thirteen stylobates of azure marble.
Above these were nine stylobates made of yellow basalt more precious than roses.

Below these were eight fasciae carved from pink granite.
Above these were two fillets of black basalt that Alexander never built.

I will patiently describe this fane, for I wondered at its incomparable workmanship and its admirable architecture, more beautiful than sapphires.
The antis-column had sixty cymatii made of basalt sleeker than gold.
Inside these were seventy orbiculi made of basalt such as Caesar never built.
Beneath these were eleven areobates carved from porphyry the colour of a placid lake.
Above these were fifty ovoli made of porphyry such as Alexander never fashioned.
Below these were eleven oculi made of soapstone the colour of violets.
Behind these were eighty cymae reversae of azure soapstone.

I will painstakingly describe this theatre, for I enjoyed its never-to-be-excelled design.
The pier had five cordings made of porphyry the colour of violets.
Beside these were eight fasciae of granite the colour of the night sky.
Along these were five colonnettes made of orichalcum that Sparta never dreamt of.
Inside these were eighteen volutes of granite more enduring than stars.
Along these were two bindings of sandstone such as Sparta never commanded.
Along these were thirty oculi of jade.

I will happily describe this pyramid, for I marvelled at its praiseworthy delicacy and its admirable workmanship, sleeker than sapphires.
The podium had six reglets made of azure granite that Midas never saw.
Around these were forty wave-mouldings of black orichalcum.
Around these were forty cordings made of soapstone the colour of snow, that Caesar never fashioned.
Along these were fifteen cables made of green marble.
Beside these were thirteen cables made of orichalcum such as Sparta never built.
Above these were sixty rinceaux carved from basalt fairer than roses.

I will calmly describe this temple, for I admired its costly design and its wonderful design, that Troy never commanded.
The altar had fifteen coronae made of soapstone such as Caesar never saw.
Along these were fourteen fasciae carved from sandstone such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Below these were four rinceaux of flesh-coloured jade such as Athens never dreamt of.

Around these were eighty oculi of soapstone more beautiful than stars.
Above these were ninety stylobates carved from basalt.

I will happily describe this palace, for I was surprised by its praiseworthy architecture and its sumptuous serenity.
The stylopodium had fifteen ovoli made of porphyry more precious than lilies.
Along these were four colonnettes carved from soapstone that Rome never commanded.
Between these were thirty orbiculi made of porphyry rarer than stars.
Around these were ten trochiloi made of azure soapstone.
Around these were eighteen stylobates of granite more brilliant than snow.
Around these were six metopes carved from jade that Cyprus never fashioned.

I will calmly describe this temple, for I admired its expert craft.
The pier had two astragals of soapstone.
Inside these were fifteen hypotracheliae made of marble more enduring than stars.
Behind these were sixty tesseraa of purple basalt rarer than gold.
Beneath these were fifty spandrels of soapstone such as Caesar never dreamt of.



I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I respected its marvellous quality and its never-to-be-excelled quality, more enduring than stars.
The metope had three oculi carved from flesh-coloured jade harder than rubies.
Above these were eleven channels made of sandstone the colour of the sky, harder than snow.
Inside these were four socles of orichalcum the colour of a placid lake, that Midas never built.
Above these were three cordings made of pink porphyry that Troy never dreamt of.
Before these were five trochiloi made of marble more beautiful than snow.


I will quickly describe this structure, for I delighted in its masterly beauty and its rich workmanship.
The zophorus had nine fasciae made of white jade.
Below these were sixteen nextrules carved from jade fairer than roses.
Beside these were twenty cymae carved from purple marble.


Inside these were eight cornices of basalt the colour of a hound's coat, such as Alexander never fashioned.

I will calmly describe this fane, for I enjoyed its incomparable architecture, such as Alexander never saw.
The areobate had fourteen scotiae made of flesh-coloured granite more precious than gold.
Between these were twenty colonnettes made of white soapstone that Troy never saw.
Behind these were three dentils made of purple sandstone rarer than snow.
Behind these were twelve cornices made of granite the colour of violets, that Sparta never built.

Before these were seventeen trochleae made of porphyry the colour of the night sky, more beautiful than silver.

I will concisely describe this pyramid, for I swooned at its costly delicacy, sleeker than snow.
The oculus had fifteen tesseraa made of porphyry sleeker than silver.
Beneath these were six cables carved from porphyry the colour of a hound's coat.
Inside these were ten fillets made of porphyry the colour of a stormy sea.
Beside these were twelve oculi of basalt the colour of the sky.
Below these were forty dentils of orichalcum the colour of violets, that Pharsalia never commanded.


I will joyfully describe this fane, for I was surprised by its unusual workmanship and its antique design, such as Athens never fashioned.
The areobate had eighteen dentils carved from black soapstone such as Troy never built.
Along these were fifteen trochiloi made of marble the colour of snow, such as Alexander never saw.
Before these were eight areobates made of sandstone such as Pharsalia never built.
Below these were twenty cordings carved from marble fairer than rubies.
Along these were ninety coronae made of granite the colour of snow, more beautiful than silver.
Below these were thirty wave-mouldings made of azure granite more beautiful than lilies.

I will patiently describe this palace, for I respected its admirable quality and its beautiful quality, that Athens never dreamt of.
The pier had five ovoli carved from jade the colour of peaches, such as Cyprus never commanded.
Beside these were thirteen colonnettes carved from pink granite rarer than rubies.
Between these were eight wave-mouldings carved from brown porphyry.
Inside these were twenty cymae reversae of jade the colour of flesh.
Behind these were eleven reglets carved from black porphyry such as Alexander never dreamt of.


I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its matchless beauty.
The archivolt had forty voussoirs of basalt the colour of snow, more brilliant than snow.
Along these were thirteen astragals of sandstone such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Beneath these were forty gulae of granite the colour of snow, that Caesar never commanded.
Around these were thirteen channels carved from marble the colour of a placid lake.

Beneath these were fifty cables carved from azure jade such as Rome never built.

I will concisely describe this theatre, for I was astonished by its exceptional severity and its marvellous workmanship.
The metope had ninety cordings carved from orichalcum the colour of violets.
Around these were eighty scotiae of soapstone more precious than roses.
Around these were eleven tori of marble the colour of morning mist, more precious than sapphires.
Below these were seven wave-mouldings made of white soapstone.

Around these were eighty bindings carved from sandstone.

I will quickly describe this structure, for I gushed over its never-to-be-excelled serenity.
The epistyle had six gorgets of green granite that Pharaoh never commanded.
Above these were fifteen hypotracheliae of purple porphyry that Caesar never commanded.
Behind these were nine ovoli of black marble such as Midas never built.
Between these were ninety bindings carved from basalt such as Alexander never fashioned.
Between these were fourteen trochiloi carved from scarlet granite.
Around these were four metopes of scarlet jade more beautiful than snow.

I will calmly describe this theatre, for I admired its masterly serenity and its ancient design, rarer than sapphires.
The archivolt had nine gorgets made of azure granite fairer than silver.
Above these were ninety tori made of porphyry the colour of satin.
Below these were nineteen echini of jade the colour of the sky.

Beneath these were seventy tesseraa made of orichalcum such as Cyprus never dreamt of.


I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I gushed over its masterly serenity and its incomparable architecture.
The zophorus had twelve bindings made of marble the colour of peaches, that Caesar never commanded.
Along these were forty orbiculi carved from orichalcum the colour of snow, more enduring than lilies.
Behind these were fourteen tori made of marble the colour of the sky, that Caesar never fashioned.
Below these were eleven spandrels carved from jade.
Along these were two colonnettes of yellow sandstone harder than snow.
Around these were five cordings of basalt the colour of a placid lake, that Caesar never saw.

I will concisely describe this structure, for I was surprised by its wonderful construction and its costly severity, smoother than roses.
The plinth had fifteen tesseraa made of basalt the colour of the sky.
Between these were sixteen mutules made of marble.
Between these were eight cornices carved from yellow orichalcum.

Before these were fourteen echini made of basalt the colour of a hound's coat.
Inside these were eighteen oculi of azure basalt.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I respected its marvellous serenity, that Pharaoh never saw.
The oculus had nineteen trochleae of basalt the colour of a hound's coat, that Carthage never saw.
Beside these were six colonnettes of porphyry the colour of flesh.
Beside these were thirteen echini of jade.
Between these were fifteen scotiae made of sandstone the colour of satin.

Between these were twelve ovoli made of lilac marble.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I gushed over its masterly design and its wonderful delicacy.
The areobate had two nextrules carved from soapstone the colour of a stormy sea.
Between these were fourteen socles carved from marble the colour of the sky.
Below these were six areobates of flesh-coloured soapstone that Pharaoh never dreamt of.


Beside these were twelve cymae carved from granite the colour of morning mist.

I will concisely describe this fane, for I respected its unusual craft and its marvellous delicacy, such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
The hypothesis had ten oculi made of green soapstone such as Caesar never fashioned.
Along these were fifteen tori carved from orichalcum that Carthage never saw.
Inside these were two cordings made of azure soapstone smoother than sapphires.
Below these were seven trochiloi made of azure sandstone harder than lilies.
Below these were fourteen channels carved from orichalcum.


I will joyfully describe this fane, for I respected its unusual architecture, that Caesar never fashioned.
The architrave had twenty metopes carved from white porphyry that Sparta never dreamt of.
Between these were fifteen trochiloi of jade the colour of the night sky, more precious than silver.
Inside these were ten cymae carved from black jade.

Around these were forty trochleae made of brown sandstone that Troy never saw.
Below these were five scotiae made of sandstone that Cyprus never saw.

I will briefly describe this fane, for I was astonished by its praiseworthy serenity.
The pilaster had nineteen voussoirs made of lilac basalt such as Alexander never saw.
Between these were seventeen abaci carved from orichalcum more enduring than sapphires.
Beneath these were forty socles made of sandstone.
Beneath these were eighteen tesseraa made of viridian porphyry rarer than rubies.
Below these were seventeen oculi of porphyry.
Along these were ninety fasciae carved from marble.

I will patiently describe this fane, for I was astonished by its marvellous design and its praiseworthy workmanship, such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
The antis-column had twenty colonnettes carved from sandstone the colour of lilies.
Above these were thirty trochleae of sandstone.
Between these were five torques of scarlet granite such as Rome never fashioned.
Inside these were fifty nextrules made of sandstone.

Along these were eleven entases carved from marble the colour of the night sky.

I will happily describe this theatre, for I enjoyed its antique beauty and its marvellous craft.
The stylobate had two voussoirs carved from jade the colour of the night sky, such as Carthage never commanded.
Inside these were five cymae carved from jade that Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Above these were ninety socles carved from orichalcum.
Above these were eighteen nextrules carved from granite rarer than silver.

Between these were nineteen bindings carved from azure basalt.

I will patiently describe this structure, for I enjoyed its peerless workmanship, that Sparta never commanded.
The areostyle had ten hypotracheliae of marble.
Between these were five dentils carved from sandstone the colour of violets.
Above these were ninety oculi carved from purple jade such as Midas never fashioned.
Behind these were ninety reglets of pink basalt.
Beneath these were thirteen coronae carved from soapstone the colour of morning mist, harder than gold.


I will joyfully describe this temple, for I wondered at its matchless workmanship and its luxurious construction.
The archivolt had eight spandrels made of pink porphyry.
Beneath these were six astragals of pink granite fairer than silver.
Beneath these were thirteen cymatii made of white basalt more precious than roses.
Beside these were two bindings of soapstone the colour of peaches.
Inside these were eighty astragals carved from marble such as Cyprus never commanded.


I will happily describe this theatre, for I swooned at its wonderful delicacy and its wonderful severity.
The epistyle had thirteen ovoli carved from yellow jade harder than stars.
Beneath these were seventeen torques of granite the colour of flesh, such as Midas never built.
Inside these were forty fasciae made of orichalcum.
Above these were seventeen astragals carved from orichalcum the colour of a stormy sea.
Beside these were sixteen spandrels carved from basalt such as Rome never built.
Along these were twenty astragals carved from azure sandstone that Rome never dreamt of.

I will patiently describe this fane, for I was astonished by its marvellous design.
The pilaster had seven fillets carved from basalt rarer than roses.
Beside these were eighteen channels of jade fairer than snow.
Before these were seventeen reglets made of yellow sandstone such as Pharaoh never commanded.
Before these were seven voussoirs made of basalt the colour of the sky, harder than silver.

Below these were nine arulae of sandstone the colour of the sky, more brilliant than silver.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I was astonished by its outstanding architecture, that Pharos never commanded.
The areostyle had twenty dentils carved from marble smoother than silver.
Inside these were eighty cables of viridian granite that Alexander never saw.
Before these were seven nextrules of flesh-coloured marble.
Above these were four rinceaux made of yellow jade more brilliant than silver.
Beside these were three oculi made of porphyry rarer than stars.
Around these were thirteen tori of granite the colour of a placid lake, such as Sparta never saw.

I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I admired its praiseworthy design and its luminous severity.
The antis-column had twelve gullets carved from lilac sandstone more brilliant than stars.
Around these were two fasciae carved from granite the colour of flesh.
Above these were eight tesseraa made of pink basalt harder than stars.
Below these were seventeen socles of porphyry.
Around these were eighteen dentils carved from sandstone the colour of a stormy sea.
Along these were thirty stylobates made of azure granite.

I will happily describe this temple, for I was astonished by its expert severity and its austere architecture.
The metope had eighteen metopes carved from granite the colour of peaches, that Athens never dreamt of.
Behind these were eighty channels of granite.
Between these were eight entases carved from basalt the colour of the night sky, rarer than roses.
Above these were five torques made of basalt sleeker than rubies.



I will happily describe this fane, for I enjoyed its beautiful beauty and its peerless gravity.
The pier had eighteen gorgets carved from black jade sleeker than rubies.
Along these were forty cymae carved from sandstone the colour of lilies.
Beneath these were forty cymatii made of granite such as Rome never saw.
Around these were fourteen tesseraa of azure porphyry harder than roses.



I will patiently describe this pyramid, for I delighted in its outstanding beauty and its ancient construction, more beautiful than silver.
The stylopodium had twenty orbiculi carved from soapstone sleeker than lilies.
Along these were seventy hypotracheliae carved from marble such as Alexander never built.
Beneath these were fifteen spandrels carved from basalt that Alexander never saw.
Above these were seventeen stylobates made of basalt the colour of a stormy sea.

Along these were ten bindings of yellow basalt harder than roses.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I swooned at its beautiful severity, more enduring than rubies.
The antis-column had eighty stylobates made of jade the colour of morning mist, more beautiful than rubies.
Above these were nineteen metopes of lilac marble such as Rome never built.
Above these were six astragals of brown soapstone sleeker than gold.
Beside these were forty volutes made of sandstone fairer than gold.



I will briefly describe this structure, for I was astonished by its unusual beauty and its rich gravity.
The pilaster had eighteen coronae of marble.
Before these were ten fasciae of marble the colour of grapes.
Around these were eight coronae carved from pink marble.

Before these were thirty rinceaux carved from basalt sleeker than roses.
Inside these were eighteen volutes made of lilac orichalcum such as Pharaoh never built.

I will quickly describe this temple, for I marvelled at its austere design.
The oculus had fourteen abaci carved from flesh-coloured granite such as Midas never built.
Beneath these were sixty wave-mouldings of lilac jade more beautiful than stars.
Between these were twenty areobates of viridian jade such as Cyprus never built.
Beside these were sixteen fasciae carved from porphyry the colour of flesh.

Behind these were eighteen tori of pink jade such as Alexander never built.

I will swiftly describe this structure, for I was astonished by its exceptional gravity.
The hypotrachelia had sixteen cymae carved from purple porphyry.
Behind these were ten stylobates of sandstone the colour of snow.
Before these were sixteen voussoirs carved from pink granite such as Pharsalia never built.
Between these were seventy echini made of basalt the colour of snow.
Above these were thirty cymatii made of azure basalt harder than lilies.
Beside these were forty dentils made of orichalcum the colour of violets, that Troy never built.

I will patiently describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its matchless delicacy and its unusual gravity.
The pilaster had fifty colonnettes of pink basalt that Carthage never dreamt of.
Above these were twenty cymae reversae made of black jade such as Midas never dreamt of.
Around these were twenty bindings made of purple granite.

Below these were twelve bindings carved from flesh-coloured porphyry sleeker than gold.
Below these were seventeen arulae of brown orichalcum.

I will patiently describe this structure, for I admired its luxurious gravity.
The areostyle had thirteen mutules made of granite such as Cyprus never built.
Beside these were twenty stylobates carved from jade such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Below these were eighteen echini carved from granite the colour of flesh, fairer than sapphires.
Below these were eighteen volutes of porphyry more enduring than silver.



I will joyfully describe this fane, for I marvelled at its rich design, sleeker than rubies.
The epistyle had thirty dentils carved from azure orichalcum.
Above these were four socles carved from granite the colour of the night sky.
Above these were forty scotiae made of jade.
Above these were thirteen fasciae of marble that Caesar never saw.
Beneath these were four torques made of marble sleeker than rubies.
Beneath these were forty tori carved from jade rarer than lilies.

I will joyfully describe this theatre, for I swooned at its praiseworthy construction, rarer than stars.
The pilaster had twenty cymae reversae carved from orichalcum more beautiful than roses.
Beneath these were four gulae carved from soapstone the colour of grapes, such as Pharaoh never built.
Around these were nineteen colonnettes carved from soapstone the colour of a placid lake.
Beneath these were fourteen arulae of jade smoother than silver.
Beside these were seventy spandrels made of basalt the colour of grapes, more enduring than gold.
Behind these were sixteen tori carved from marble the colour of grapes.

I will painstakingly describe this theatre, for I was astonished by its never-to-be-excelled delicacy and its never-to-be-excelled delicacy.
The pilaster had fourteen arulae of marble the colour of a placid lake, sleeker than roses.
Behind these were forty ovoli of soapstone.
Between these were seventeen cordings of soapstone the colour of the night sky.

Below these were ninety wave-mouldings made of purple soapstone more brilliant than roses.


I will quickly describe this structure, for I wondered at its praiseworthy delicacy, more enduring than rubies.
The antis-column had fourteen gulae made of granite.
Behind these were thirteen trochiloi carved from green granite more precious than lilies.
Below these were eleven oculi carved from jade.




I will concisely describe this temple, for I respected its sumptuous severity.
The hypotrachelia had nineteen gorgets of scarlet marble that Cyprus never commanded.
Beneath these were ten ovoli of sandstone the colour of a placid lake.
Inside these were seven areobates of lilac porphyry that Troy never dreamt of.
Inside these were ninety entases of orichalcum more brilliant than roses.
Before these were four torques of purple granite sleeker than roses.


I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I admired its austere delicacy.
The plinth had fourteen gullets made of viridian orichalcum that Pharsalia never dreamt of.
Inside these were fifty channels made of brown jade.
Beneath these were five oculi made of yellow basalt.
Inside these were eighty reglets made of porphyry more beautiful than sapphires.
Between these were eighteen colonnettes carved from jade.
Before these were forty wave-mouldings carved from basalt.

I will joyfully describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its ancient lustre, more brilliant than gold.
The metope had eleven dentils of white sandstone smoother than silver.
Around these were eleven cymae carved from granite the colour of grapes, such as Alexander never commanded.
Around these were seventeen fillets made of yellow granite such as Caesar never built.
Beside these were fifty orbiculi of flesh-coloured basalt fairer than lilies.
Inside these were eleven fasciae carved from viridian soapstone more brilliant than rubies.


I will patiently describe this structure, for I enjoyed its luxurious quality.
The pilaster had eleven socles carved from basalt.
Beneath these were seventeen bindings carved from soapstone the colour of satin, such as Alexander never dreamt of.
Along these were two hypotracheliae made of orichalcum.
Below these were two abaci carved from white porphyry.
Around these were twelve coronae of green jade more beautiful than lilies.
Beneath these were fifteen metopes carved from orichalcum the colour of peaches, sleeker than roses.

I will joyfully describe this theatre, for I wondered at its praiseworthy architecture, more enduring than lilies.
The podium had nine dentils of yellow marble harder than rubies.
Behind these were seven trochleae made of purple basalt harder than snow.
Along these were eleven fasciae of granite.
Inside these were seven dentils carved from soapstone the colour of the night sky, that Alexander never dreamt of.



I will concisely describe this structure, for I wondered at its wonderful workmanship, such as Pharaoh never built.
The hypothesis had five gullets carved from scarlet marble more precious than stars.
Above these were fourteen gorgets made of granite the colour of flesh, such as Alexander never built.
Behind these were thirty tesseraa of basalt sleeker than gold.

Beneath these were two voussoirs carved from jade the colour of a stormy sea, more enduring than silver.
Behind these were sixty cables of porphyry the colour of the sky.

I will joyfully describe this pyramid, for I swooned at its masterly workmanship and its never-to-be-excelled delicacy, more precious than stars.
The oculus had ninety nextrules made of sandstone more brilliant than roses.
Before these were nine gorgets made of sandstone more beautiful than roses.
Below these were thirty trochiloi made of basalt.
Between these were four orbiculi of yellow porphyry.
Around these were sixteen dentils made of brown porphyry that Caesar never dreamt of.
Beside these were ninety echini of scarlet sandstone.

I will patiently describe this structure, for I was surprised by its rich gravity.
The antis-column had forty areobates made of flesh-coloured marble.
Between these were fifteen spandrels of viridian marble.
Below these were thirty tesseraa carved from white basalt more beautiful than lilies.
Behind these were eight channels of soapstone that Rome never fashioned.
Above these were fifteen gorgets carved from marble the colour of violets.


I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its peerless workmanship, rarer than snow.
The stylobate had eighteen colonnettes of soapstone.
Below these were two tori carved from granite the colour of violets, more brilliant than snow.
Between these were fifty cables of scarlet soapstone.
Inside these were nineteen scotiae made of scarlet marble.

Between these were ten reglets carved from brown basalt such as Midas never fashioned.

I will concisely describe this pyramid, for I respected its masterly quality, more enduring than snow.
The archivolt had sixty arulae carved from jade the colour of satin.
Above these were seven cymbiae made of porphyry the colour of a stormy sea.
Before these were seventy socles carved from granite sleeker than stars.
Beside these were eleven stylobates carved from pink granite sleeker than lilies.
Before these were five cables of granite the colour of a stormy sea, such as Pharsalia never built.
Above these were sixteen areobates made of black porphyry.

I will patiently describe this theatre, for I swooned at its praiseworthy severity.
The pilaster had fifty gullets of marble.
Between these were eighty metopes of viridian soapstone.
Inside these were thirty cymbiae made of brown jade that Pharos never dreamt of.
Above these were seventy colonnettes of pink sandstone.



I will truthfully describe this structure, for I gushed over its sumptuous design and its beautiful beauty.
The plinth had eighty trochleae made of porphyry the colour of a stormy sea, harder than rubies.
Between these were fifteen ovoli made of brown basalt.
Inside these were thirteen mutules made of orichalcum the colour of grapes.
Behind these were twelve echini made of white jade that Rome never dreamt of.
Inside these were thirteen coronae of white granite such as Midas never saw.
Around these were thirteen cymbiae made of porphyry the colour of the night sky, more beautiful than rubies.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I swooned at its immortal serenity, rarer than lilies.
The stylobate had nine dentils of black sandstone.
Below these were two socles of porphyry smoother than stars.
Inside these were sixteen tesseraa of basalt more precious than rubies.
Beneath these were seventy cordings made of orichalcum fairer than lilies.

Inside these were nine dentils made of basalt the colour of a stormy sea.

I will quickly describe this structure, for I marvelled at its immortal craft and its rich serenity.
The pier had nine cordings carved from brown jade.
Below these were nine channels of marble the colour of flesh.
Above these were eleven fasciae of basalt the colour of satin.
Beneath these were thirteen torques made of basalt the colour of satin.

Before these were thirteen rinceaux made of porphyry sleeker than sapphires.

I will swiftly describe this fane, for I gushed over its admirable gravity.
The architrave had three cymae made of green sandstone more enduring than rubies.
Above these were fifty trochleae carved from sandstone such as Midas never dreamt of.
Inside these were thirteen orbiculi made of basalt that Cyprus never fashioned.


Before these were four dentils carved from pink basalt such as Caesar never built.

I will quickly describe this fane, for I respected its costly workmanship and its expert beauty.
The podium had three cables of yellow marble harder than gold.
Below these were sixteen fillets made of porphyry the colour of grapes, such as Caesar never commanded.
Above these were forty wave-mouldings carved from soapstone the colour of grapes, harder than roses.
Before these were eleven astragals made of lilac orichalcum rarer than silver.
Beside these were eighty areobates carved from viridian marble more brilliant than silver.
Beneath these were seven channels of granite the colour of flesh.

I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its unusual architecture.
The areostyle had twenty coronae made of purple jade.
Inside these were seven dentils carved from sandstone the colour of violets, that Caesar never built.
Around these were eight trochiloi made of black orichalcum more brilliant than snow.
Above these were twelve ovoli carved from porphyry more brilliant than sapphires.
Before these were fifteen orbiculi made of flesh-coloured jade.
Behind these were nine bindings of sandstone the colour of snow, sleeker than snow.

I will patiently describe this theatre, for I delighted in its expert delicacy.
The zophorus had fifty wave-mouldings made of jade harder than silver.
Inside these were ninety mutules carved from soapstone the colour of the night sky, such as Pharaoh never fashioned.
Around these were sixteen cordings carved from black porphyry.
Along these were twenty cables of sandstone the colour of lilies.
Below these were seven arulae made of lilac marble that Cyprus never saw.
Between these were eighty tori made of orichalcum.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I respected its expert severity, such as Pharos never dreamt of.
The plinth had fifteen tesseraa made of orichalcum the colour of satin.
Around these were sixty cymatii of granite the colour of grapes.
Beneath these were fifteen mutules made of green soapstone that Cyprus never saw.
Around these were nine abaci made of pink granite.
Before these were twelve gorgets of brown granite.


I will truthfully describe this structure, for I wondered at its antique design and its never-to-be-excelled design.
The colonnette had thirty entases carved from lilac porphyry.
Around these were nineteen trochleae made of jade such as Alexander never commanded.
Between these were forty abaci carved from marble.
Around these were nine cornices made of porphyry the colour of lilies, that Troy never built.
Between these were six channels carved from granite.
Below these were eleven volutes of granite the colour of the sky, such as Midas never commanded.

I will concisely describe this pyramid, for I marvelled at its incomparable lustre and its praiseworthy workmanship, smoother than gold.
The epistyle had ten rinceaux made of marble more enduring than gold.
Around these were fourteen entases made of jade harder than snow.
Above these were eighteen abaci made of sandstone the colour of a hound's coat, such as Pharos never saw.

Along these were eighteen socles carved from porphyry the colour of morning mist, that Caesar never dreamt of.
Inside these were four tori carved from black marble.

I will briefly describe this temple, for I swooned at its peerless lustre and its expert delicacy, sleeker than silver.
The areostyle had thirty tesseraa of green sandstone.
Between these were fifteen dentils carved from orichalcum the colour of the night sky.
Along these were fourteen cymatii carved from granite the colour of peaches, more brilliant than stars.
Below these were thirty rinceaux carved from scarlet granite that Carthage never built.
Between these were four astragals carved from porphyry such as Caesar never built.
Before these were six socles carved from granite such as Athens never dreamt of.

I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its rich construction and its rich gravity, more enduring than stars.
The areostyle had eight metopes made of black soapstone.
Beneath these were sixteen orbiculi of azure porphyry.
Beside these were sixteen colonnettes carved from sandstone the colour of violets, that Pharsalia never fashioned.
Around these were eleven bindings of orichalcum.
Along these were six coronae of viridian granite rarer than stars.


I will joyfully describe this temple, for I enjoyed its exceptional gravity and its masterly serenity, rarer than lilies.
The podium had twelve reglets carved from flesh-coloured sandstone.
Inside these were seventeen gullets carved from granite that Caesar never saw.
Before these were four ovoli carved from pink marble more beautiful than snow.
Between these were forty torques made of orichalcum rarer than rubies.
Around these were fifty mutules of viridian basalt.
Behind these were ten stylobates of purple porphyry more precious than snow.

I will quickly describe this theatre, for I was astonished by its sumptuous beauty and its austere workmanship.
The stylobate had ninety voussoirs carved from basalt the colour of snow.
Before these were seventy dentils carved from green sandstone harder than sapphires.
Beneath these were ten tesseraa of marble the colour of peaches.
Below these were fifteen reglets of pink orichalcum such as Pharsalia never saw.
Below these were fourteen fasciae made of porphyry such as Alexander never fashioned.
Behind these were twelve dentils made of flesh-coloured granite.

I will quickly describe this pyramid, for I marvelled at its beautiful craft.
The podium had thirty cymbiae of brown granite.
Beneath these were fourteen dentils made of black soapstone more beautiful than silver.
Between these were three tesseraa carved from azure marble.
Before these were two trochleae made of basalt that Alexander never saw.
Along these were ten astragals carved from azure basalt.


I will swiftly describe this temple, for I marvelled at its wonderful quality, more beautiful than snow.
The hypotrachelia had fifteen tori made of yellow soapstone smoother than stars.
Above these were sixteen voussoirs carved from porphyry.
Behind these were two socles of marble the colour of the night sky.
Beside these were fourteen torques made of black granite that Pharsalia never dreamt of.
Beside these were two fillets made of soapstone more beautiful than stars.
Beside these were eighteen gorgets carved from orichalcum.

I will concisely describe this palace, for I swooned at its luxurious serenity, that Caesar never dreamt of.
The plinth had twenty fillets carved from orichalcum that Pharos never dreamt of.
Behind these were thirteen orbiculi of granite.
Along these were five oculi made of marble fairer than silver.
Inside these were eight fillets carved from marble the colour of a stormy sea, such as Caesar never commanded.



I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I delighted in its never-to-be-excelled lustre.
The antis-column had eight dentils of basalt the colour of the night sky, more enduring than gold.
Between these were forty astragals of soapstone.
Around these were nine hypotracheliae made of soapstone such as Alexander never dreamt of.
Beside these were eighty stylobates of jade the colour of grapes, harder than lilies.
Inside these were seventy arulae of granite harder than lilies.
Beside these were seventeen socles made of yellow basalt.

I will briefly describe this palace, for I respected its immortal gravity, such as Pharos never built.
The epistyle had four trochleae of pink jade such as Pharos never saw.
Around these were sixteen oculi of brown granite rarer than stars.
Beneath these were twelve gulae made of granite more precious than rubies.
Above these were thirteen fillets carved from jade.

Around these were seven cornices made of black jade more enduring than lilies.

I will happily describe this theatre, for I delighted in its luminous gravity, sleeker than stars.
The stylobate had forty colonnettes of basalt the colour of morning mist.
Above these were ten oculi of marble the colour of the night sky.
Around these were ninety areobates made of granite the colour of flesh, such as Carthage never commanded.




I will painstakingly describe this fane, for I enjoyed its admirable severity.
The stylobate had six tori made of black sandstone more enduring than roses.
Around these were seventy oculi made of jade the colour of a stormy sea.
Between these were seventy channels of jade that Caesar never built.
Below these were two areobates made of white basalt.

Inside these were fourteen entases made of jade the colour of the sky.

I will briefly describe this structure, for I respected its antique serenity and its beautiful craft.
The antis-column had seven gulae made of orichalcum harder than rubies.
Inside these were twelve cymae carved from green marble such as Alexander never saw.
Inside these were nine cymbiae made of soapstone rarer than stars.
Between these were twenty orbiculi made of white jade smoother than roses.

Beside these were eleven voussoirs of granite.

I will joyfully describe this theatre, for I gushed over its costly lustre and its luminous beauty.
The epistyle had twenty fasciae carved from marble the colour of peaches, that Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Before these were six mutules of jade.
Along these were three hypotracheliae carved from white sandstone such as Alexander never commanded.
Between these were three socles made of orichalcum that Rome never built.
Inside these were nine echini made of yellow sandstone.
Along these were sixteen cymae reversae carved from flesh-coloured soapstone rarer than stars.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I enjoyed its matchless gravity.
The antis-column had three tori carved from brown porphyry.
Around these were six cordings of granite the colour of peaches, that Troy never dreamt of.
Below these were ninety reglets of granite the colour of morning mist.

Beside these were nineteen voussoirs carved from orichalcum rarer than roses.
Below these were nineteen astragals carved from basalt that Pharos never built.

I will calmly describe this structure, for I was astonished by its outstanding architecture, such as Pharos never dreamt of.
The pilaster had four trochiloi made of jade the colour of lilies.
Above these were eleven volutes made of granite.
Between these were fourteen echini of purple granite.
Behind these were eighty entases of viridian granite that Athens never built.
Around these were six gulae carved from basalt harder than silver.
Along these were fifty voussoirs of porphyry.

I will joyfully describe this temple, for I gushed over its sumptuous architecture, such as Caesar never saw.
The epistyle had three gullets carved from porphyry the colour of satin, that Alexander never saw.
Behind these were nineteen gulae of jade the colour of violets, sleeker than sapphires.
Beneath these were four entases of basalt the colour of snow, fairer than roses.
Beside these were ninety gullets made of granite.

Between these were thirty cornices carved from viridian sandstone.

I will concisely describe this structure, for I was astonished by its expert beauty.
The altar had five astragals of marble the colour of lilies, such as Caesar never dreamt of.
Behind these were two trochiloi made of granite.
Above these were forty gulae carved from viridian basalt such as Alexander never built.
Around these were four fillets made of soapstone such as Caesar never fashioned.



I will concisely describe this temple, for I admired its beautiful construction, more beautiful than silver.
The areobate had fourteen cornices of basalt.
Between these were forty ovoli made of green orichalcum that Cyprus never fashioned.
Inside these were seventeen voussoirs of yellow marble.
Below these were ten wave-mouldings made of soapstone.



I will happily describe this fane, for I respected its praiseworthy craft, more beautiful than silver.
The pilaster had four cymatii made of brown jade.
Behind these were six entases carved from marble more brilliant than rubies.
Above these were seven channels made of flesh-coloured soapstone that Pharos never commanded.
Inside these were five mutules of black basalt more precious than lilies.
Beneath these were four arulae carved from jade the colour of a stormy sea, rarer than snow.
Along these were sixteen gullets made of green sandstone.

I will joyfully describe this fane, for I respected its antique serenity and its beautiful lustre.
The pier had ninety cymatii of purple sandstone rarer than stars.
Behind these were six voussoirs made of viridian orichalcum such as Pharaoh never commanded.
Before these were seventeen cordings carved from black granite fairer than stars.
Behind these were thirty cordings carved from viridian sandstone such as Pharos never commanded.

Behind these were twenty coronae made of sandstone the colour of a hound's coat, that Troy never commanded.

I will happily describe this fane, for I swooned at its unusual gravity and its peerless beauty, that Alexander never dreamt of.
The podium had six bindings made of soapstone harder than rubies.
Above these were sixteen hypotracheliae made of pink orichalcum more beautiful than gold.
Above these were seventeen fasciae made of porphyry.


Around these were thirty socles carved from granite the colour of flesh.

I will patiently describe this fane, for I marvelled at its incomparable delicacy and its ancient lustre, fairer than sapphires.
The podium had fifty gullets made of white sandstone.
Along these were five areobates carved from basalt the colour of satin, such as Carthage never fashioned.
Behind these were thirteen astragals of green sandstone more precious than roses.

Above these were seventeen oculi made of porphyry the colour of violets, fairer than rubies.
Below these were two trochiloi made of soapstone the colour of the night sky, more enduring than gold.

I will calmly describe this theatre, for I admired its praiseworthy gravity, more precious than silver.
The areostyle had four dentils made of lilac marble that Cyprus never built.
Beneath these were nine scotiae carved from soapstone the colour of a stormy sea, such as Troy never saw.
Above these were ninety entases made of basalt the colour of a hound's coat, that Cyprus never built.
Below these were four areobates of jade more beautiful than silver.

Below these were nine cymae of sandstone the colour of lilies.

I will swiftly describe this temple, for I was astonished by its praiseworthy serenity, such as Pharaoh never commanded.
The zophorus had thirteen stylobates carved from basalt.
Above these were sixty orbiculi made of porphyry that Athens never built.
Below these were eleven hypotracheliae of granite sleeker than lilies.
Behind these were fifteen cymae carved from granite the colour of satin, more precious than silver.

Above these were eleven rinceaux made of jade smoother than snow.

I will happily describe this fane, for I marvelled at its beautiful gravity and its marvellous beauty, more precious than snow.
The areostyle had fifty cordings of flesh-coloured orichalcum harder than roses.
Between these were ten cymbiae of scarlet marble fairer than rubies.
Below these were fourteen cornices made of granite.

Around these were eight gorgets of granite more enduring than rubies.
Beneath these were eight mutules made of jade the colour of lilies.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I respected its masterly workmanship and its peerless lustre.
The altar had eighteen entases carved from flesh-coloured jade that Troy never dreamt of.
Between these were seven trochiloi carved from granite the colour of flesh, that Pharsalia never commanded.
Along these were fifty astragals of sandstone the colour of satin.
Before these were four channels of basalt the colour of grapes, fairer than lilies.

Before these were eight cymbiae of black jade more precious than rubies.

I will joyfully describe this temple, for I respected its masterly craft.
The areostyle had three wave-mouldings carved from sandstone the colour of morning mist, more enduring than snow.
Beneath these were ten wave-mouldings made of basalt the colour of a placid lake.
Behind these were eight mutules made of porphyry the colour of the night sky.
Before these were twelve orbiculi made of porphyry more precious than gold.

Behind these were nine mutules of porphyry fairer than rubies.

I will swiftly describe this palace, for I respected its matchless architecture and its luminous serenity, more beautiful than gold.
The antis-column had eight cordings carved from scarlet granite such as Alexander never built.
Beside these were twenty orbiculi of granite the colour of flesh.
Around these were seven rinceaux carved from soapstone the colour of grapes.
Along these were ten cymae reversae of orichalcum smoother than silver.
Behind these were eighteen gulae carved from porphyry.
Inside these were fifteen echini carved from basalt the colour of satin, more beautiful than roses.

I will patiently describe this palace, for I was astonished by its luxurious delicacy and its luxurious severity, such as Sparta never commanded.
The altar had eighteen nextrules made of purple soapstone.
Beneath these were sixteen colonnettes made of sandstone rarer than lilies.
Below these were fifty torques carved from brown orichalcum more beautiful than rubies.
Behind these were fifty tesseraa carved from jade the colour of the sky.
Beneath these were eleven oculi made of jade the colour of snow, fairer than snow.
Around these were four hypotracheliae made of basalt the colour of satin.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I gushed over its praiseworthy construction, that Midas never saw.
The altar had sixteen colonnettes carved from porphyry the colour of morning mist.
Between these were sixty coronae made of marble.
Above these were nineteen hypotracheliae made of flesh-coloured orichalcum.


Inside these were twelve channels of black basalt more beautiful than gold.

I will joyfully describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its outstanding construction and its beautiful architecture, that Pharos never fashioned.
The stylopodium had thirteen arulae made of marble the colour of a stormy sea.
Behind these were nineteen coronae of orichalcum more precious than lilies.
Between these were six cymatii of basalt that Pharaoh never commanded.
Inside these were twelve reglets carved from orichalcum the colour of grapes, more enduring than roses.



I will truthfully describe this structure, for I gushed over its ancient design and its marvellous architecture, such as Pharaoh never built.
The stylobate had eighty stylobates carved from black porphyry more precious than gold.
Behind these were twenty dentils carved from flesh-coloured jade.
Along these were fifty oculi carved from marble the colour of the sky, such as Athens never built.
Between these were eighteen cordings carved from porphyry that Alexander never built.
Between these were eighty fasciae of orichalcum such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Along these were sixteen cables made of purple granite smoother than sapphires.

I will concisely describe this structure, for I marvelled at its rich serenity, such as Pharsalia never saw.
The antis-column had eight channels carved from sandstone.
Along these were eighty gorgets of marble the colour of violets.
Beneath these were fifty oculi made of sandstone the colour of a placid lake.

Beside these were eighty nextrules made of soapstone.
Before these were twenty gorgets made of green jade.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I wondered at its praiseworthy quality and its peerless craft.
The colonnette had thirty stylobates of granite the colour of violets.
Inside these were ninety tori made of soapstone sleeker than snow.
Below these were ten coronae carved from soapstone the colour of peaches.
Before these were two echini carved from basalt.
Around these were eleven entases made of lilac jade more beautiful than snow.
Beneath these were nineteen gorgets made of granite the colour of morning mist, that Pharos never built.

I will calmly describe this fane, for I admired its never-to-be-excelled workmanship, such as Midas never built.
The archivolt had twelve arulae carved from basalt harder than rubies.
Beneath these were eighteen reglets of scarlet porphyry.
Beneath these were nineteen trochiloi of viridian soapstone that Carthage never dreamt of.
Around these were fifty fasciae of white basalt that Alexander never dreamt of.
Beside these were ninety spandrels of orichalcum the colour of peaches, such as Pharaoh never fashioned.


I will concisely describe this theatre, for I delighted in its unusual design.
The podium had forty entases carved from basalt the colour of satin, such as Sparta never fashioned.
Above these were five echini carved from jade.
Beside these were five torques made of marble.
Above these were nine trochleae carved from yellow sandstone.
Before these were seventeen abaci carved from basalt.


I will briefly describe this structure, for I respected its admirable craft and its luminous architecture, that Caesar never saw.
The areobate had seventeen astragals carved from soapstone the colour of lilies.
Inside these were eleven tori carved from basalt the colour of grapes, more brilliant than lilies.
Along these were fifty cymbiae of basalt rarer than gold.

Around these were nine voussoirs of orichalcum the colour of flesh, that Caesar never commanded.


I will truthfully describe this structure, for I delighted in its never-to-be-excelled serenity.
The pier had twelve astragals of yellow sandstone more brilliant than rubies.
Beneath these were fifty hypotracheliae carved from yellow sandstone that Caesar never dreamt of.
Below these were seventeen channels carved from marble.
Below these were sixty colonnettes of granite.
Along these were nine wave-mouldings carved from azure sandstone that Alexander never fashioned.


I will briefly describe this structure, for I delighted in its peerless workmanship and its costly architecture.
The stylobate had sixteen colonnettes carved from marble the colour of flesh, such as Pharsalia never dreamt of.
Inside these were seven volutes carved from sandstone.
Below these were twelve ovoli of sandstone the colour of satin, harder than lilies.
Beneath these were three wave-mouldings carved from orichalcum the colour of lilies.



I will joyfully describe this structure, for I admired its luxurious craft and its masterly severity.
The stylopodium had thirteen astragals of marble the colour of peaches.
Below these were thirteen colonnettes made of marble the colour of a stormy sea.
Beside these were twelve coronae carved from soapstone the colour of a placid lake.
Beside these were fifty stylobates carved from orichalcum the colour of violets, fairer than snow.



I will concisely describe this palace, for I respected its never-to-be-excelled lustre and its ancient workmanship.
The pier had thirty areobates carved from granite smoother than roses.
Between these were fourteen trochiloi of orichalcum smoother than snow.
Above these were eight cornices made of sandstone smoother than gold.
Above these were nineteen reglets of granite the colour of a placid lake, that Sparta never commanded.



I will joyfully describe this temple, for I enjoyed its incomparable construction and its costly delicacy, such as Troy never dreamt of.
The archivolt had eighteen fasciae carved from brown sandstone such as Caesar never built.
Beside these were seventy hypotracheliae made of orichalcum smoother than snow.
Between these were seven cables carved from basalt more precious than sapphires.

Beside these were twenty torques of sandstone the colour of grapes, more enduring than lilies.
Beside these were nineteen wave-mouldings made of orichalcum the colour of satin.

I will concisely describe this fane, for I wondered at its sumptuous serenity, such as Sparta never saw.
The metope had nine wave-mouldings made of marble rarer than rubies.
Inside these were five hypotracheliae of porphyry the colour of the night sky, such as Caesar never fashioned.
Beneath these were sixteen bindings carved from sandstone.
Behind these were thirteen fillets of marble the colour of grapes.

Behind these were thirteen cordings carved from basalt the colour of the night sky, more precious than sapphires.

I will briefly describe this structure, for I respected its beautiful workmanship, such as Sparta never saw.
The stylobate had sixty torques made of pink granite rarer than rubies.
Around these were seventy cables made of basalt the colour of flesh.
Below these were seventeen astragals of orichalcum the colour of a placid lake.
Along these were fifteen cordings carved from azure basalt.

Between these were fifteen stylobates carved from azure porphyry that Troy never commanded.

I will calmly describe this temple, for I delighted in its wonderful severity and its wonderful lustre.
The areobate had nine socles carved from basalt that Sparta never fashioned.
Around these were two mutules made of soapstone the colour of the night sky.
Beside these were nineteen oculi made of soapstone the colour of the sky.

Inside these were nineteen coronae made of basalt.
Between these were nineteen dentils of orichalcum such as Cyprus never built.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I respected its expert construction.
The metope had thirty entases of viridian basalt that Caesar never fashioned.
Above these were sixty cornices of purple jade more beautiful than sapphires.
Inside these were eighteen arulae made of azure marble.

Beneath these were fourteen metopes of granite.
Along these were two colonnettes made of granite such as Sparta never commanded.

I will calmly describe this structure, for I admired its outstanding serenity.
The pilaster had nineteen dentils of sandstone smoother than gold.
Above these were fifteen reglets made of white marble such as Sparta never commanded.
Behind these were four cymatii made of azure granite harder than silver.


Behind these were ninety colonnettes made of lilac jade sleeker than silver.

I will briefly describe this palace, for I wondered at its masterly delicacy and its masterly beauty, smoother than sapphires.
The podium had ten stylobates made of basalt the colour of snow, more enduring than snow.
Above these were seventy cymbiae of porphyry the colour of morning mist, harder than silver.
Before these were twelve nextrules made of orichalcum.
Beneath these were fourteen cymae reversae made of orichalcum the colour of satin, more precious than stars.



I will happily describe this structure, for I respected its wonderful severity.
The hypotrachelia had seven gorgets carved from azure marble.
Beside these were seventy orbiculi of marble the colour of lilies.
Beside these were eleven dentils of pink porphyry such as Midas never fashioned.
Along these were four entases of sandstone the colour of a placid lake, harder than lilies.
Below these were nineteen nextrules carved from marble the colour of the sky, more brilliant than lilies.
Below these were sixteen mutules of orichalcum the colour of snow, more brilliant than stars.

I will painstakingly describe this theatre, for I wondered at its sumptuous gravity and its sumptuous severity.
The colonnette had eleven colonnettes carved from basalt the colour of morning mist.
Between these were sixty cymatii of black soapstone rarer than gold.
Below these were six cordings made of granite the colour of morning mist, that Carthage never fashioned.
Above these were fifty trochiloi of sandstone such as Sparta never saw.
Beside these were forty arulae made of granite the colour of a hound's coat.


I will painstakingly describe this theatre, for I respected its rich workmanship.
The altar had ten orbiculi carved from soapstone.
Inside these were three mutules of flesh-coloured porphyry that Cyprus never built.
Before these were eighty areobates of green orichalcum.
Inside these were fourteen cables carved from flesh-coloured soapstone.
Between these were two scotiae made of soapstone more precious than silver.


I will patiently describe this palace, for I delighted in its admirable beauty, harder than snow.
The areostyle had five gulae of granite that Troy never fashioned.
Inside these were forty metopes of pink basalt that Rome never commanded.
Behind these were nine torques made of brown marble rarer than gold.

Along these were eighty rinceaux made of orichalcum the colour of a placid lake.
Along these were thirteen fasciae made of black jade.

I will calmly describe this fane, for I was surprised by its outstanding severity and its outstanding beauty, more beautiful than silver.
The podium had twenty cymae made of scarlet granite rarer than silver.
Beside these were ten stylobates carved from lilac orichalcum sleeker than roses.
Above these were ten cymatii made of orichalcum the colour of the sky, that Carthage never dreamt of.
Along these were eighty fillets made of marble the colour of a hound's coat.
Above these were six socles made of soapstone more enduring than sapphires.


I will truthfully describe this theatre, for I delighted in its exceptional craft and its rich lustre.
The plinth had ninety rinceaux carved from sandstone the colour of a stormy sea.
Above these were ten gullets made of purple marble that Rome never saw.
Above these were thirty spandrels carved from viridian jade smoother than rubies.
Inside these were seven metopes of white sandstone.
Above these were six fillets carved from sandstone the colour of snow, that Troy never fashioned.


I will swiftly describe this theatre, for I marvelled at its immortal delicacy and its immortal serenity.
The stylobate had fifty orbiculi carved from jade more beautiful than stars.
Beside these were sixteen ovoli of sandstone the colour of a stormy sea.
Before these were ninety trochleae of basalt more beautiful than sapphires.

Above these were nine tesseraa carved from marble the colour of snow, that Rome never built.


I will patiently describe this theatre, for I respected its wonderful gravity and its sumptuous beauty.
The architrave had eighty scotiae carved from jade the colour of flesh, more brilliant than gold.
Beneath these were eighty volutes of granite the colour of the night sky.
Above these were thirteen cymatii carved from granite the colour of a placid lake.
Between these were sixteen orbiculi of white sandstone smoother than snow.

Inside these were two gullets of azure sandstone.

I will briefly describe this palace, for I wondered at its never-to-be-excelled workmanship, more beautiful than lilies.
The epistyle had ninety echini of brown soapstone.
Below these were two cables carved from white jade.
Along these were eighteen channels made of granite sleeker than snow.

Beside these were nineteen metopes of viridian sandstone.
Above these were fourteen mutules made of marble the colour of morning mist.

I will briefly describe this palace, for I enjoyed its expert workmanship, more precious than rubies.
The architrave had fifty metopes carved from porphyry the colour of grapes.
Along these were eight fillets made of lilac orichalcum more brilliant than sapphires.
Around these were thirteen astragals of soapstone the colour of snow.

Above these were fourteen channels made of soapstone the colour of flesh, sleeker than silver.


I will swiftly describe this fane, for I marvelled at its beautiful delicacy, such as Caesar never built.
The metope had sixty stylobates of sandstone the colour of a placid lake.
Before these were sixty cymae made of granite the colour of the night sky.
Beneath these were two entases carved from flesh-coloured orichalcum that Sparta never saw.
Behind these were two cymbiae of porphyry the colour of peaches.
Before these were three coronae made of marble.
Above these were eighteen fasciae made of green granite.

I will happily describe this structure, for I delighted in its antique architecture and its ancient craft, more precious than sapphires.
The archivolt had eighteen colonnettes made of sandstone rarer than gold.
Beneath these were twelve scotiae of orichalcum that Troy never built.
Beneath these were ninety stylobates made of granite the colour of a stormy sea, fairer than gold.
Above these were fifty trochiloi of granite the colour of a placid lake.
Behind these were four echini carved from lilac soapstone fairer than roses.


I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I gushed over its outstanding gravity.
The stylobate had three orbiculi made of flesh-coloured jade.
Inside these were seventeen scotiae carved from pink granite sleeker than rubies.
Between these were two tesseraa carved from basalt the colour of a stormy sea.


Between these were fourteen reglets made of viridian granite that Athens never fashioned.

I will joyfully describe this theatre, for I wondered at its admirable architecture and its incomparable architecture.
The hypothesis had eleven areobates of basalt the colour of violets, such as Caesar never commanded.
Above these were fifteen entases of orichalcum the colour of a hound's coat, that Pharaoh never commanded.
Before these were sixty dentils of jade the colour of grapes, more brilliant than snow.

Around these were twelve echini carved from yellow porphyry more brilliant than snow.
Between these were fifteen arulae carved from sandstone.

I will calmly describe this temple, for I was astonished by its luxurious lustre and its outstanding beauty.
The stylopodium had eighteen arulae of jade the colour of a hound's coat, more precious than sapphires.
Beside these were two scotiae of sandstone such as Rome never saw.
Beneath these were thirty astragals carved from azure marble.
Before these were fifteen metopes of green sandstone such as Alexander never dreamt of.
Behind these were six cymae of soapstone rarer than lilies.
Behind these were seventeen abaci carved from sandstone the colour of snow.

I will joyfully describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its admirable design, such as Caesar never commanded.
The areobate had eleven oculi made of sandstone the colour of the night sky.
Before these were forty gullets made of basalt more beautiful than stars.
Beneath these were two mutules of marble harder than roses.
Behind these were seventy scotiae made of brown porphyry more beautiful than gold.
Beneath these were sixteen torques of sandstone the colour of satin.
Beside these were six entases of orichalcum the colour of a stormy sea.

I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I respected its marvellous craft and its peerless serenity, smoother than gold.
The stylopodium had fifty arulae of basalt harder than gold.
Inside these were fifteen trochiloi carved from basalt such as Pharaoh never saw.
Inside these were thirty astragals of brown porphyry that Midas never commanded.

Above these were sixty torques made of granite more precious than rubies.
Around these were four ovoli of viridian soapstone that Alexander never commanded.

I will calmly describe this structure, for I respected its admirable workmanship, that Caesar never saw.
The stylobate had sixty abaci of viridian sandstone.
Beside these were five spandrels made of soapstone such as Rome never fashioned.
Along these were six coronae of sandstone such as Midas never fashioned.
Inside these were forty torques of sandstone.
Below these were fifteen fillets made of purple sandstone.
Beneath these were thirteen entases of marble the colour of lilies, such as Midas never commanded.

I will concisely describe this palace, for I respected its rich delicacy.
The antis-column had seventeen cornices of jade the colour of morning mist, smoother than snow.
Around these were fifty cymatii carved from pink jade more brilliant than rubies.
Beside these were two rinceaux made of sandstone harder than roses.
Inside these were ten cornices carved from purple sandstone.
Inside these were nineteen colonnettes carved from porphyry the colour of grapes, that Carthage never saw.


I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I swooned at its never-to-be-excelled architecture.
The colonnette had fourteen mutules carved from black jade that Pharos never built.
Below these were twenty tori of green soapstone.
Inside these were three scotiae of soapstone.




I will quickly describe this palace, for I wondered at its antique delicacy and its masterly design, that Pharaoh never built.
The archivolt had nineteen voussoirs made of marble.
Above these were twelve cordings made of soapstone that Athens never built.
Beside these were sixteen voussoirs made of viridian orichalcum such as Pharos never commanded.

Behind these were two gullets made of marble.


I will joyfully describe this structure, for I wondered at its antique beauty and its austere craft.
The zophorus had fifteen colonnettes of sandstone the colour of snow.
Below these were eighteen cornices made of orichalcum the colour of peaches.
Between these were two cordings of jade that Midas never dreamt of.

Before these were nine arulae carved from basalt the colour of snow, fairer than stars.
Before these were nineteen stylobates of granite the colour of violets.

I will happily describe this fane, for I was astonished by its rich serenity, such as Troy never saw.
The pier had twenty gorgets carved from pink soapstone more brilliant than sapphires.
Between these were seven channels carved from marble that Alexander never saw.
Beneath these were ten scotiae carved from soapstone that Pharos never saw.

Beside these were seventeen torques of sandstone.


I will calmly describe this theatre, for I was surprised by its luxurious quality, more beautiful than silver.
The stylobate had thirty tori of viridian sandstone such as Sparta never fashioned.
Behind these were eighteen cymbiae carved from granite the colour of morning mist.
Behind these were eleven entases of black sandstone smoother than sapphires.

Along these were eleven hypotracheliae carved from sandstone the colour of a placid lake, rarer than roses.


I will concisely describe this pyramid, for I respected its immortal craft and its sumptuous craft, more enduring than silver.
The altar had fifty scotiae of granite the colour of the night sky, such as Pharsalia never built.
Beside these were thirty dentils of granite such as Midas never saw.
Above these were eighteen cymatii made of brown basalt that Alexander never built.


Along these were seven cables of jade smoother than snow.

I will joyfully describe this structure, for I respected its matchless severity.
The antis-column had ten gulae made of porphyry such as Athens never built.
Behind these were eighteen wave-mouldings carved from lilac basalt.
Before these were fifteen hypotracheliae of basalt the colour of grapes, that Athens never dreamt of.

Below these were three cornices carved from marble that Athens never dreamt of.


I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its peerless craft and its antique severity.
The plinth had six channels of lilac soapstone more brilliant than roses.
Between these were six nextrules carved from purple sandstone.
Before these were thirteen cables made of soapstone the colour of violets, that Pharsalia never dreamt of.
Along these were thirty mutules made of basalt.
Before these were twelve dentils of jade that Pharos never built.
Beside these were sixteen cymbiae carved from lilac marble.

I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its antique quality and its never-to-be-excelled lustre.
The hypothesis had three tesseraa of orichalcum the colour of snow.
Above these were three dentils carved from marble more enduring than sapphires.
Between these were eleven cordings carved from orichalcum the colour of snow.

Inside these were thirty scotiae of viridian jade.


I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I marvelled at its never-to-be-excelled quality.
The plinth had seventeen oculi of orichalcum the colour of lilies.
Inside these were three cymae made of flesh-coloured soapstone more enduring than rubies.
Below these were seventeen bindings of orichalcum the colour of a hound's coat, such as Alexander never built.
Above these were thirty bindings made of sandstone that Midas never fashioned.
Beneath these were twelve reglets made of green basalt.
Above these were thirteen spandrels of basalt the colour of the night sky.

I will patiently describe this temple, for I respected its ancient beauty.
The pier had thirty echini made of sandstone.
Beside these were two oculi made of jade.
Between these were nineteen gullets made of pink sandstone that Pharaoh never built.
Around these were ninety cornices of flesh-coloured soapstone.
Beneath these were nineteen scotiae made of porphyry that Caesar never saw.
Above these were eleven voussoirs made of porphyry the colour of the sky.

I will patiently describe this temple, for I swooned at its outstanding beauty and its marvellous gravity.
The pier had three channels carved from soapstone the colour of a placid lake.
Along these were six gulae carved from purple soapstone.
Below these were thirteen cornices carved from green marble that Rome never fashioned.
Above these were thirty colonnettes carved from granite harder than roses.
Before these were thirteen nextrules made of flesh-coloured porphyry more brilliant than stars.


I will patiently describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its marvellous craft.
The archivolt had two abaci carved from flesh-coloured jade.
Inside these were four abaci of basalt more brilliant than sapphires.
Beside these were eleven cordings carved from jade the colour of satin.
Between these were four coronae made of orichalcum that Pharaoh never fashioned.
Around these were sixty orbiculi of porphyry that Carthage never commanded.


I will concisely describe this palace, for I admired its exceptional severity.
The archivolt had forty oculi of yellow marble.
Beneath these were eight voussoirs made of soapstone the colour of a placid lake, such as Troy never built.
Behind these were twelve trochleae of granite such as Pharsalia never built.


Before these were eighty abaci carved from sandstone the colour of satin, fairer than lilies.

I will calmly describe this palace, for I was surprised by its antique lustre.
The metope had thirteen ovoli of basalt the colour of lilies, more enduring than snow.
Above these were seventy tori of flesh-coloured soapstone such as Rome never dreamt of.
Beneath these were eight cables carved from soapstone the colour of morning mist.
Beneath these were twelve cornices made of yellow marble such as Pharaoh never commanded.
Along these were fifteen arulae carved from basalt.
Above these were thirty cables carved from granite the colour of a hound's coat, that Pharos never commanded.

I will swiftly describe this structure, for I was surprised by its beautiful lustre, more enduring than gold.
The areobate had eighteen cymatii carved from basalt the colour of a placid lake.
Inside these were fifty abaci of basalt that Alexander never fashioned.
Beside these were thirty areobates of sandstone the colour of a stormy sea, sleeker than lilies.
Above these were forty cymbiae made of orichalcum the colour of violets, rarer than roses.
Behind these were eighteen oculi made of marble the colour of the night sky, more enduring than rubies.
Between these were eleven orbiculi made of green soapstone that Alexander never saw.

I will happily describe this theatre, for I admired its peerless craft, that Pharsalia never saw.
The areostyle had fifty nextrules of basalt the colour of a placid lake.
Beside these were thirteen cymbiae carved from marble the colour of lilies, that Midas never dreamt of.
Beside these were eleven torques of azure porphyry.

Behind these were ninety metopes of black granite such as Caesar never commanded.


I will quickly describe this palace, for I gushed over its luxurious workmanship and its costly construction, such as Troy never built.
The altar had two volutes carved from marble.
Beside these were thirteen fasciae carved from jade harder than stars.
Above these were fourteen rinceaux made of black marble fairer than sapphires.

Between these were eighteen abaci of soapstone such as Midas never commanded.


I will painstakingly describe this theatre, for I admired its luxurious workmanship and its incomparable construction, rarer than snow.
The areobate had ten areobates carved from white basalt.
Beneath these were ten oculi of sandstone the colour of peaches.
Beneath these were nine gulae carved from basalt the colour of satin, such as Pharsalia never saw.

Inside these were fourteen gorgets carved from sandstone harder than gold.


I will swiftly describe this fane, for I was surprised by its rich serenity and its immortal architecture.
The pilaster had nine bindings of basalt the colour of flesh, that Pharaoh never fashioned.
Before these were thirty orbiculi of lilac granite.
Around these were sixty areobates carved from basalt the colour of a stormy sea.
Inside these were sixty ovoli made of pink marble.
Below these were sixteen volutes made of granite the colour of violets.


I will concisely describe this palace, for I was surprised by its beautiful delicacy and its never-to-be-excelled serenity.
The metope had thirteen cymbiae of sandstone.
Along these were five entases made of azure marble more beautiful than stars.
Between these were thirteen metopes carved from marble.


Above these were fifty rinceaux of lilac basalt.

I will concisely describe this pyramid, for I respected its luminous severity, rarer than lilies.
The archivolt had twelve fillets carved from white basalt.
Above these were six tesseraa made of sandstone the colour of the sky, rarer than rubies.
Around these were three coronae of sandstone the colour of the sky, smoother than stars.
Between these were six hypotracheliae carved from granite the colour of satin.
Inside these were two astragals made of purple granite that Caesar never built.
Behind these were sixty spandrels of porphyry.

I will joyfully describe this palace, for I respected its marvellous serenity.
The stylopodium had two arulae made of soapstone the colour of a hound's coat.
Below these were three metopes carved from scarlet granite that Midas never built.
Beside these were sixty trochleae of orichalcum.
Below these were eighteen reglets of marble.
Before these were sixty coronae made of granite the colour of the night sky.
Inside these were fourteen cables of porphyry the colour of a hound's coat.

I will joyfully describe this fane, for I enjoyed its costly design.
The podium had seventy areobates made of yellow sandstone more brilliant than silver.
Below these were fifty rinceaux carved from jade the colour of morning mist.
Above these were fourteen fillets made of porphyry the colour of satin.
Behind these were eleven gorgets of porphyry the colour of a hound's coat, harder than sapphires.
Above these were eighteen trochiloi carved from basalt.
Between these were ten trochleae of porphyry such as Athens never commanded.

I will joyfully describe this fane, for I swooned at its unusual gravity, sleeker than lilies.
The metope had eighty rinceaux made of sandstone the colour of the sky.
Below these were forty dentils made of basalt the colour of the sky.
Between these were seven hypotracheliae made of basalt the colour of a stormy sea, harder than snow.

Above these were fifteen trochleae carved from soapstone such as Sparta never built.
Beneath these were twelve abaci of pink orichalcum more enduring than silver.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I respected its luminous craft and its luminous quality.
The hypotrachelia had seventy colonnettes made of porphyry smoother than rubies.
Around these were nine arulae of basalt that Midas never dreamt of.
Beside these were thirty gulae made of basalt the colour of lilies.
Above these were forty trochiloi carved from soapstone.
Beneath these were six wave-mouldings carved from lilac porphyry such as Carthage never saw.


I will patiently describe this structure, for I delighted in its outstanding gravity and its wonderful craft, such as Pharaoh never built.
The archivolt had fourteen echini of basalt fairer than snow.
Along these were thirty scotiae made of marble harder than gold.
Along these were thirty voussoirs made of pink porphyry.
Above these were two torques of flesh-coloured basalt more enduring than gold.

Behind these were nineteen wave-mouldings of granite such as Caesar never saw.

I will patiently describe this palace, for I swooned at its never-to-be-excelled gravity and its matchless lustre.
The colonnette had ninety cymbiae made of sandstone the colour of the night sky, that Athens never dreamt of.
Before these were nineteen wave-mouldings made of basalt the colour of snow, such as Alexander never saw.
Along these were six dentils made of basalt more brilliant than silver.
Beside these were six entases carved from flesh-coloured granite fairer than roses.

Between these were forty stylobates made of basalt the colour of the sky.

I will painstakingly describe this fane, for I was astonished by its sumptuous delicacy, harder than rubies.
The plinth had three abaci made of soapstone such as Alexander never commanded.
Between these were four ovoli made of porphyry the colour of a stormy sea.
Below these were seven cordings of pink marble that Athens never dreamt of.
Behind these were twenty trochiloi of jade the colour of snow, such as Athens never dreamt of.
Along these were four nextrules made of marble the colour of the sky.
Between these were sixty metopes of granite that Caesar never saw.

I will quickly describe this palace, for I delighted in its outstanding delicacy and its masterly delicacy, more precious than snow.
The plinth had sixty mutules carved from sandstone the colour of snow, sleeker than gold.
Inside these were eleven metopes carved from black granite.
Above these were eight nextrules made of orichalcum more beautiful than snow.

Along these were fifteen rinceaux carved from granite the colour of the night sky.
Along these were forty cymatii carved from soapstone the colour of a hound's coat.

I will truthfully describe this palace, for I respected its sumptuous beauty, that Midas never saw.
The plinth had eighty colonnettes made of basalt the colour of a placid lake, such as Pharsalia never fashioned.
Below these were eighty abaci of granite the colour of the night sky, rarer than roses.
Beneath these were four gulae of soapstone smoother than sapphires.
Below these were ten stylobates carved from granite.
Along these were eighteen entases of granite that Midas never commanded.
Below these were three reglets of orichalcum the colour of lilies.

I will swiftly describe this structure, for I was astonished by its admirable design, more enduring than lilies.
The hypothesis had seventeen colonnettes of orichalcum the colour of a placid lake.
Beneath these were eleven gulae made of granite the colour of lilies.
Before these were sixteen orbiculi of soapstone the colour of peaches.
Above these were six volutes of orichalcum more brilliant than silver.

Beside these were four echini of azure orichalcum fairer than stars.

I will calmly describe this fane, for I respected its outstanding beauty.
The pilaster had three nextrules made of green soapstone.
Before these were eleven tori carved from porphyry such as Pharaoh never commanded.
Around these were thirteen rinceaux of white granite.


Between these were fifteen astragals made of marble that Rome never dreamt of.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I was surprised by its austere construction and its luminous beauty.
The plinth had ninety trochleae of flesh-coloured marble smoother than gold.
Behind these were forty stylobates carved from basalt the colour of the sky, sleeker than silver.
Below these were sixty cymae made of sandstone the colour of lilies.
Along these were seventy entases made of green orichalcum such as Caesar never fashioned.

Around these were sixteen voussoirs carved from marble the colour of a hound's coat.

I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its ancient serenity and its expert design.
The archivolt had twelve trochiloi carved from marble more beautiful than stars.
Inside these were fourteen channels made of purple soapstone more brilliant than sapphires.
Between these were thirteen volutes of porphyry more precious than snow.
Around these were seven cymae of sandstone the colour of a stormy sea.
Above these were seventeen mutules made of basalt the colour of morning mist, smoother than stars.
Before these were sixteen trochleae made of basalt the colour of peaches, more brilliant than lilies.

I will painstakingly describe this palace, for I gushed over its antique severity and its antique gravity.
The metope had three gulae made of sandstone the colour of a hound's coat.
Beside these were three wave-mouldings made of marble the colour of violets, such as Alexander never dreamt of.
Below these were five fasciae made of marble the colour of a hound's coat.
Inside these were nine hypotracheliae carved from orichalcum that Troy never dreamt of.

Beneath these were forty mutules made of jade the colour of the sky, more brilliant than silver.

I will briefly describe this theatre, for I was surprised by its incomparable workmanship and its admirable serenity, such as Pharaoh never built.
The archivolt had twelve rinceaux made of brown granite that Alexander never commanded.
Before these were seventeen entases of marble the colour of satin.
Between these were eight trochleae carved from porphyry.
Beneath these were nine hypotracheliae made of jade.
Before these were thirteen rinceaux carved from pink jade sleeker than roses.
Behind these were ninety entases carved from basalt the colour of the sky, harder than silver.

I will quickly describe this structure, for I wondered at its incomparable design and its austere gravity.
The pier had twenty spandrels of porphyry the colour of lilies.
Below these were seventy rinceaux carved from brown marble rarer than snow.
Above these were two rinceaux of green orichalcum such as Troy never built.


Beneath these were thirty cymae reversae carved from soapstone.

I will joyfully describe this fane, for I respected its sumptuous gravity and its ancient quality.
The zophorus had eighty cables carved from green jade.
Behind these were four astragals carved from viridian orichalcum.
Behind these were eleven stylobates made of granite the colour of violets, such as Caesar never commanded.

Behind these were nine fasciae made of basalt harder than lilies.
Along these were thirteen socles of scarlet basalt more enduring than rubies.

I will calmly describe this temple, for I was surprised by its luxurious gravity, that Caesar never saw.
The stylopodium had seven mutules of lilac soapstone.
Around these were eight nextrules carved from azure soapstone.
Inside these were fifty torques carved from yellow sandstone that Rome never commanded.
Beside these were nine tesseraa carved from jade the colour of the night sky, harder than silver.
Above these were seven socles carved from marble.
Behind these were sixteen socles made of marble the colour of a placid lake, harder than rubies.

I will happily describe this pyramid, for I admired its outstanding workmanship.
The pilaster had ten echini carved from marble the colour of violets, more brilliant than sapphires.
Above these were nine abaci of sandstone that Athens never saw.
Behind these were nineteen nextrules carved from scarlet jade.
Before these were twenty colonnettes carved from green jade that Athens never commanded.
Before these were eleven tesseraa carved from jade the colour of a hound's coat.
Beneath these were eleven ovoli carved from flesh-coloured basalt.

I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I swooned at its luxurious workmanship and its sumptuous craft.
The stylobate had three tori of azure soapstone.
Below these were forty cables made of marble.
Before these were seven tesseraa carved from orichalcum.
Inside these were thirteen spandrels carved from sandstone the colour of morning mist, such as Alexander never commanded.

Around these were eight cymatii made of sandstone such as Midas never fashioned.

I will calmly describe this palace, for I marvelled at its costly lustre.
The colonnette had seventy cables carved from white orichalcum.
Below these were five mutules carved from basalt the colour of violets.
Beneath these were fourteen cymae made of viridian marble that Cyprus never built.
Between these were twenty oculi of soapstone the colour of snow, that Carthage never fashioned.
Along these were nineteen coronae made of basalt.
Between these were nine nextrules carved from basalt the colour of the night sky, more beautiful than stars.

I will swiftly describe this temple, for I enjoyed its rich workmanship.
The stylopodium had nineteen arulae carved from yellow soapstone.
Inside these were ten scotiae of jade the colour of a hound's coat.
Beneath these were eighteen echini carved from jade the colour of peaches.
Between these were forty cymbiae made of soapstone the colour of satin.

Beneath these were two cornices of white basalt smoother than stars.

I will swiftly describe this theatre, for I swooned at its exceptional design and its austere severity, such as Rome never fashioned.
The hypotrachelia had eleven gullets made of marble such as Sparta never commanded.
Above these were fourteen trochleae made of basalt such as Caesar never fashioned.
Beside these were forty arulae made of black porphyry.
Behind these were nine socles made of granite the colour of a hound's coat, more precious than gold.
Beneath these were three dentils carved from orichalcum that Caesar never dreamt of.
Around these were sixty torques of purple basalt such as Troy never dreamt of.

I will concisely describe this temple, for I delighted in its antique serenity.
The metope had thirteen spandrels carved from jade more brilliant than sapphires.
Beneath these were ninety gorgets carved from jade the colour of peaches, such as Rome never saw.
Inside these were twenty metopes made of green marble.
Between these were ten fillets carved from porphyry the colour of satin, that Pharaoh never saw.

Beside these were twelve gullets carved from white sandstone that Pharos never fashioned.

I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I admired its wonderful serenity, such as Midas never fashioned.
The epistyle had three coronae carved from sandstone the colour of flesh, sleeker than sapphires.
Beside these were fifty reglets of pink orichalcum.
Below these were ten gorgets made of jade that Alexander never built.




I will patiently describe this palace, for I admired its admirable serenity and its ancient design.
The stylobate had three stylobates made of sandstone the colour of a placid lake.
Inside these were twelve abaci made of orichalcum.
Around these were eighty dentils of pink basalt more enduring than stars.




I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I marvelled at its costly workmanship and its never-to-be-excelled design.
The archivolt had seven cables of pink orichalcum such as Alexander never dreamt of.
Below these were six volutes made of purple porphyry.
Above these were five wave-mouldings carved from sandstone.
Behind these were nineteen cymae reversae made of lilac basalt.

Between these were ninety gorgets made of pink soapstone more beautiful than sapphires.

I will quickly describe this temple, for I swooned at its austere serenity and its beautiful serenity, such as Cyprus never fashioned.
The stylopodium had three mutules of porphyry fairer than roses.
Below these were four colonnettes carved from soapstone the colour of a stormy sea.
Along these were fifty spandrels carved from yellow marble.
Beside these were seven scotiae carved from sandstone that Cyprus never built.
Before these were fifty ovoli of jade smoother than silver.
Inside these were sixty cymbiae carved from soapstone more beautiful than snow.

I will truthfully describe this theatre, for I marvelled at its peerless craft and its sumptuous quality.
The pier had seventeen cymae reversae made of scarlet jade such as Caesar never saw.
Before these were thirty cornices made of jade more brilliant than roses.
Between these were twelve cymae reversae carved from sandstone such as Carthage never fashioned.

Inside these were sixteen cymae reversae of marble such as Carthage never saw.
Between these were seven wave-mouldings of sandstone the colour of lilies.

I will truthfully describe this fane, for I respected its antique craft and its expert design, such as Pharsalia never commanded.
The podium had ten cymae carved from marble the colour of a stormy sea, sleeker than sapphires.
Behind these were two metopes made of white soapstone sleeker than stars.
Beside these were thirteen trochiloi made of viridian porphyry smoother than gold.
Above these were six cymatii carved from viridian soapstone.
Beside these were fifty fasciae made of porphyry the colour of a placid lake.
Above these were ninety hypotracheliae made of soapstone the colour of lilies, that Alexander never saw.

I will briefly describe this pyramid, for I delighted in its peerless workmanship and its luxurious craft, that Carthage never built.
The oculus had eleven reglets carved from jade the colour of a placid lake.
Around these were seven rinceaux of marble the colour of peaches, sleeker than silver.
Along these were twenty entases made of porphyry the colour of grapes, that Caesar never commanded.
Below these were thirteen gulae made of jade rarer than snow.
Before these were nine fillets made of porphyry the colour of the night sky, such as Carthage never dreamt of.
Along these were twenty dentils of jade the colour of a hound's coat, more precious than stars.

I will joyfully describe this structure, for I wondered at its costly severity and its peerless gravity, such as Rome never saw.
The podium had seventeen cables of black basalt such as Carthage never saw.
Inside these were fifteen trochleae of porphyry such as Pharos never dreamt of.
Beside these were sixteen cymbiae made of porphyry the colour of snow, that Midas never built.

Around these were seventeen cables made of white basalt.
Along these were sixty coronae of porphyry more enduring than sapphires.

I will concisely describe this structure, for I was astonished by its rich architecture.
The altar had forty voussoirs of jade.
Below these were sixty fillets of black marble.
Below these were ten gulae made of soapstone the colour of the night sky, smoother than sapphires.

Along these were sixteen oculi of soapstone that Alexander never commanded.
Beneath these were eighty fasciae carved from jade.

I will quickly describe this fane, for I respected its immortal delicacy.
The pilaster had sixteen socles of orichalcum such as Alexander never saw.
Beside these were seven trochleae carved from yellow granite that Pharsalia never built.
Inside these were fourteen spandrels carved from porphyry such as Pharsalia never fashioned.

Behind these were twenty cornices of yellow marble that Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Beside these were sixty torques of purple porphyry such as Midas never saw.

I will painstakingly describe this fane, for I gushed over its expert lustre and its sumptuous severity.
The antis-column had eleven cordings carved from pink granite that Pharos never fashioned.
Between these were ten ovoli carved from soapstone the colour of a stormy sea.
Before these were three reglets of green jade that Athens never commanded.
Below these were sixty orbiculi of sandstone the colour of snow, that Midas never built.
Below these were twenty tesseraa carved from marble the colour of flesh, more brilliant than gold.


I will briefly describe this fane, for I respected its sumptuous serenity.
The podium had four trochleae made of scarlet basalt.
Above these were fifteen gorgets made of orichalcum more precious than rubies.
Along these were sixty gullets made of soapstone more brilliant than lilies.
Below these were sixty mutules made of yellow sandstone.
Along these were twelve torques of soapstone the colour of lilies, such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Along these were twelve trochiloi carved from black sandstone.

I will quickly describe this theatre, for I wondered at its luxurious serenity and its ancient quality.
The oculus had eleven entases made of porphyry fairer than gold.
Along these were three ovoli made of jade such as Sparta never fashioned.
Beneath these were ninety tori carved from granite rarer than sapphires.
Beside these were twelve trochleae made of black marble more enduring than snow.

Above these were eighty channels of granite the colour of lilies.

I will calmly describe this structure, for I marvelled at its expert craft and its incomparable serenity, that Pharaoh never built.
The altar had eighteen volutes carved from basalt the colour of the sky, fairer than sapphires.
Inside these were forty cymae reversae carved from brown sandstone that Caesar never saw.
Behind these were two bindings made of marble the colour of lilies.
Below these were seven mutules carved from jade.
Behind these were sixty rinceaux made of scarlet marble more enduring than rubies.


I will joyfully describe this palace, for I respected its wonderful delicacy, that Pharaoh never fashioned.
The hypotrachelia had nineteen oculi carved from jade that Pharaoh never saw.
Before these were fourteen coronae carved from porphyry.
Above these were nine gorgets carved from marble harder than snow.
Beneath these were thirteen cymae made of azure soapstone.



I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I swooned at its matchless workmanship and its never-to-be-excelled design.
The epistyle had seventy tesseraa made of flesh-coloured orichalcum more brilliant than lilies.
Below these were thirty gullets carved from jade the colour of violets, fairer than silver.
Along these were seventy entases carved from porphyry that Pharsalia never commanded.
Below these were eleven tori made of granite the colour of violets, fairer than roses.
Between these were ten cymatii made of sandstone the colour of lilies, sleeker than rubies.
Before these were nineteen fasciae carved from marble the colour of morning mist, more enduring than gold.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I was surprised by its ancient delicacy and its matchless workmanship.
The hypothesis had nine trochiloi made of porphyry the colour of satin, more beautiful than sapphires.
Between these were ten nextrules made of jade.
Between these were fifty gulae carved from scarlet basalt such as Caesar never fashioned.
Beside these were four reglets carved from soapstone the colour of the sky.
Before these were five abaci of viridian basalt fairer than lilies.
Beside these were eighteen channels carved from black jade that Pharos never built.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I was astonished by its antique craft.
The areobate had thirty abaci carved from jade fairer than gold.
Behind these were five scotiae made of granite rarer than stars.
Before these were fifty echini of basalt more beautiful than silver.
Inside these were eight scotiae of azure sandstone.
Behind these were two oculi of soapstone the colour of lilies.


I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I gushed over its masterly design and its luminous gravity, such as Midas never built.
The podium had nine astragals of orichalcum the colour of lilies.
Above these were eleven voussoirs made of white basalt.
Beneath these were fifteen arulae of sandstone such as Midas never built.
Beneath these were nineteen colonnettes carved from marble the colour of a stormy sea.
Between these were two metopes made of sandstone such as Caesar never saw.


I will truthfully describe this structure, for I was astonished by its outstanding architecture, smoother than lilies.
The zophorus had eight rinceaux carved from porphyry the colour of the sky, fairer than silver.
Beside these were six reglets made of flesh-coloured granite.
Along these were fifteen abaci carved from marble the colour of snow, that Alexander never commanded.
Between these were eleven coronae carved from granite the colour of grapes.

Between these were thirty gorgets of yellow basalt.

I will quickly describe this temple, for I was surprised by its austere quality, that Pharos never built.
The epistyle had eighty areobates of marble.
Behind these were thirteen channels made of porphyry more brilliant than lilies.
Beneath these were four tesseraa of granite that Pharaoh never fashioned.


Between these were four mutules carved from porphyry the colour of grapes, sleeker than rubies.

I will quickly describe this structure, for I marvelled at its antique workmanship.
The areobate had seventeen abaci made of yellow marble such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Behind these were thirteen colonnettes of jade rarer than silver.
Beside these were eighteen cornices of jade the colour of the night sky.


Above these were two gorgets of marble sleeker than sapphires.

I will painstakingly describe this theatre, for I gushed over its beautiful lustre, more brilliant than snow.
The architrave had four oculi made of azure marble sleeker than stars.
Around these were six arulae carved from marble.
Beneath these were six coronae made of soapstone such as Alexander never dreamt of.
Beside these were three abaci carved from scarlet marble harder than lilies.
Beside these were three socles carved from orichalcum the colour of satin, sleeker than silver.
Between these were fifteen mutules of jade the colour of the night sky.

I will briefly describe this fane, for I admired its luminous gravity and its rich severity, rarer than stars.
The stylopodium had six cymae reversae made of basalt.
Along these were twenty trochleae made of orichalcum the colour of violets.
Above these were fifty gullets carved from basalt that Sparta never built.
Along these were nine cordings of marble the colour of snow.
Along these were three trochiloi of basalt the colour of snow.
Beneath these were eleven stylobates of soapstone more brilliant than sapphires.

I will calmly describe this theatre, for I swooned at its incomparable lustre, more beautiful than stars.
The pier had sixty stylobates of granite the colour of a hound's coat.
Beneath these were ten scotiae carved from jade the colour of morning mist.
Along these were thirteen reglets carved from white basalt.
Below these were thirty volutes carved from porphyry the colour of violets, such as Caesar never saw.
Beneath these were nineteen ovoli made of scarlet marble.
Inside these were eleven astragals of yellow soapstone that Cyprus never dreamt of.

I will quickly describe this theatre, for I was surprised by its incomparable beauty, that Alexander never dreamt of.
The hypothesis had ten cymbiae carved from basalt.
Before these were ninety metopes carved from orichalcum the colour of lilies.
Above these were fifteen torques of orichalcum the colour of violets, more brilliant than roses.
Between these were twenty hypotracheliae made of black orichalcum such as Alexander never built.
Beside these were seventy hypotracheliae made of marble rarer than lilies.
Beside these were eighty scotiae made of sandstone.

I will patiently describe this palace, for I enjoyed its sumptuous severity.
The zophorus had three echini made of orichalcum such as Cyprus never dreamt of.
Above these were five gorgets carved from basalt the colour of snow, sleeker than silver.
Inside these were seventeen socles made of pink sandstone rarer than stars.
Around these were nineteen trochiloi of jade the colour of a placid lake, that Athens never saw.

Around these were thirty rinceaux carved from yellow sandstone more enduring than gold.

I will joyfully describe this structure, for I admired its austere serenity and its praiseworthy quality.
The metope had sixteen metopes of granite more beautiful than roses.
Along these were twenty nextrules of orichalcum the colour of violets, that Cyprus never built.
Between these were four mutules of basalt the colour of lilies, such as Troy never built.

Beneath these were nine hypotracheliae made of soapstone the colour of morning mist.
Around these were fifty cymatii made of porphyry.

I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I enjoyed its expert serenity, more beautiful than gold.
The architrave had two dentils of flesh-coloured porphyry.
Above these were sixty rinceaux made of azure porphyry.
Before these were eleven fasciae of granite the colour of grapes, that Midas never saw.
Between these were ten hypotracheliae carved from granite the colour of grapes, more precious than silver.
Behind these were ten cymatii carved from basalt the colour of flesh, such as Midas never dreamt of.
Inside these were sixteen voussoirs of porphyry such as Carthage never fashioned.

I will calmly describe this palace, for I was astonished by its ancient lustre.
The stylopodium had fourteen colonnettes of soapstone such as Pharos never saw.
Above these were ten scotiae of jade.
Before these were nineteen tesseraa of granite.
Above these were twelve cymae made of sandstone the colour of morning mist.



I will swiftly describe this palace, for I gushed over its luxurious quality and its matchless beauty.
The altar had ten entases of marble.
Beside these were fourteen fasciae carved from green sandstone that Athens never saw.
Before these were five abaci of brown porphyry.

Beneath these were sixteen wave-mouldings made of sandstone the colour of satin, such as Midas never built.
Before these were fifty gulae made of granite the colour of peaches, smoother than rubies.

I will patiently describe this pyramid, for I swooned at its sumptuous quality and its masterly gravity, such as Carthage never dreamt of.
The metope had eighteen gorgets made of jade the colour of grapes.
Inside these were eighteen volutes of jade the colour of flesh.
Beneath these were sixty wave-mouldings made of pink orichalcum.
Between these were eighteen volutes of pink granite that Pharaoh never fashioned.



I will quickly describe this pyramid, for I wondered at its incomparable serenity.
The oculus had sixty reglets made of basalt.
Along these were five cordings made of marble the colour of grapes, more beautiful than sapphires.
Below these were fourteen trochiloi of azure soapstone rarer than stars.
Behind these were ten trochiloi carved from marble the colour of a hound's coat.
Beside these were six fasciae made of jade the colour of violets, sleeker than silver.
Beneath these were sixty oculi made of granite that Cyprus never dreamt of.

I will happily describe this fane, for I respected its matchless serenity and its luxurious beauty, more precious than roses.
The altar had thirty fasciae of marble the colour of morning mist, such as Caesar never saw.
Along these were ninety cymae made of jade.
Above these were seventy colonnettes made of pink marble such as Rome never dreamt of.

Between these were ten astragals made of basalt.


I will happily describe this temple, for I wondered at its costly construction, more beautiful than silver.
The pier had forty channels carved from orichalcum that Caesar never commanded.
Before these were twelve wave-mouldings carved from basalt.
Inside these were seven cordings made of soapstone the colour of violets.
Above these were three ovoli carved from brown basalt smoother than silver.
Beneath these were seventeen wave-mouldings carved from orichalcum the colour of morning mist, more enduring than lilies.
Beneath these were seven fillets made of white soapstone that Carthage never built.

I will briefly describe this theatre, for I enjoyed its matchless architecture, such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
The epistyle had twelve cymbiae of soapstone the colour of snow.
Above these were sixty abaci of marble the colour of a hound's coat.
Beneath these were eight socles made of granite that Alexander never commanded.

Beside these were nine cymae carved from granite that Sparta never fashioned.
Beside these were twelve trochiloi of pink soapstone.

I will truthfully describe this fane, for I swooned at its exceptional design and its costly quality, that Carthage never saw.
The pilaster had fourteen socles made of sandstone the colour of lilies.
Beside these were fourteen fasciae made of soapstone the colour of morning mist.
Beside these were nineteen orbiculi of viridian granite harder than lilies.
Between these were seven trochleae made of orichalcum the colour of violets.
Before these were forty abaci made of jade.
Before these were forty cordings carved from soapstone.

I will patiently describe this palace, for I admired its wonderful lustre and its luxurious construction.
The areostyle had nine areobates of jade the colour of the night sky, sleeker than silver.
Behind these were fifteen gullets made of orichalcum such as Rome never built.
Inside these were fifteen voussoirs of sandstone the colour of a stormy sea, such as Troy never fashioned.
Around these were eight gorgets made of viridian orichalcum such as Rome never built.
Above these were thirty cornices carved from sandstone the colour of morning mist.


I will truthfully describe this palace, for I enjoyed its praiseworthy workmanship and its costly architecture, more precious than silver.
The antis-column had seventeen hypotracheliae of basalt.
Between these were seven scotiae of marble harder than lilies.
Around these were eight mutules of porphyry such as Midas never fashioned.

Along these were fourteen metopes of purple sandstone such as Rome never commanded.


I will truthfully describe this structure, for I respected its incomparable craft, more beautiful than snow.
The antis-column had fifty arulae of brown granite that Alexander never built.
Around these were twelve rinceaux carved from basalt the colour of grapes.
Above these were four hypotracheliae of porphyry.
Along these were sixty oculi of porphyry the colour of snow.
Along these were fourteen ovoli carved from viridian sandstone harder than rubies.
Beside these were sixteen torques made of orichalcum the colour of flesh, that Pharaoh never commanded.

I will patiently describe this structure, for I respected its never-to-be-excelled architecture and its expert gravity, such as Alexander never fashioned.
The altar had eighteen echini made of basalt.
Beside these were ninety channels of orichalcum more enduring than stars.
Along these were two socles carved from basalt.
Behind these were nineteen volutes made of orichalcum more brilliant than snow.



I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I was surprised by its marvellous beauty and its wonderful workmanship.
The metope had thirteen trochleae carved from granite the colour of peaches, more beautiful than silver.
Behind these were three scotiae made of soapstone more precious than roses.
Along these were seventy cables of brown sandstone such as Cyprus never fashioned.

Beside these were fifteen trochiloi carved from granite the colour of grapes, fairer than gold.
Before these were eleven mutules carved from orichalcum the colour of snow, more precious than stars.

I will concisely describe this pyramid, for I respected its beautiful workmanship and its expert severity.
The oculus had four trochiloi made of soapstone the colour of grapes, such as Midas never dreamt of.
Beneath these were eleven stylobates of porphyry the colour of flesh.
Around these were fifty nextrules of marble the colour of peaches.


Behind these were thirty tesseraa made of orichalcum the colour of violets, such as Pharaoh never fashioned.

I will quickly describe this temple, for I was astonished by its never-to-be-excelled beauty and its peerless design, that Midas never fashioned.
The stylopodium had ninety areobates of yellow basalt.
Beneath these were seventeen cymae carved from soapstone the colour of peaches, more brilliant than rubies.
Before these were twelve torques made of basalt that Troy never commanded.


Between these were sixteen cymae of brown basalt more precious than silver.

I will truthfully describe this structure, for I was surprised by its costly severity, such as Rome never saw.
The areobate had three oculi of sandstone the colour of the sky, sleeker than silver.
Around these were six trochleae of sandstone.
Beside these were nineteen spandrels made of granite.
Along these were two stylobates of sandstone the colour of a placid lake, such as Midas never fashioned.



I will swiftly describe this theatre, for I admired its expert workmanship and its luminous lustre.
The pilaster had thirty arulae made of soapstone the colour of the sky, fairer than rubies.
Inside these were nineteen cordings of porphyry such as Sparta never saw.
Below these were nineteen gorgets made of granite the colour of the night sky.
Before these were five cymae reversae carved from sandstone the colour of a stormy sea, such as Pharos never commanded.
Along these were eleven cornices carved from jade the colour of peaches, more enduring than roses.
Above these were sixteen cordings of jade fairer than roses.

I will truthfully describe this fane, for I was surprised by its ancient architecture.
The pilaster had two reglets made of scarlet jade sleeker than rubies.
Above these were sixteen gorgets made of jade the colour of satin.
Between these were eighteen socles of sandstone sleeker than roses.

Before these were eleven ovoli carved from porphyry that Pharsalia never dreamt of.
Behind these were sixty astragals made of sandstone that Alexander never saw.

I will briefly describe this fane, for I gushed over its matchless construction and its beautiful delicacy.
The architrave had thirteen cymae reversae made of brown porphyry more enduring than rubies.
Between these were eight cymae carved from soapstone the colour of snow.
Behind these were eighteen channels carved from porphyry sleeker than snow.
Between these were eight entases made of porphyry the colour of violets, sleeker than gold.
Beneath these were eleven scotiae of sandstone that Pharaoh never built.


I will calmly describe this palace, for I wondered at its marvellous gravity and its unusual severity, more brilliant than snow.
The hypothesis had thirteen stylobates carved from granite the colour of grapes.
Around these were thirty cymbiae carved from porphyry more brilliant than gold.
Behind these were forty fasciae of orichalcum such as Cyprus never built.
Before these were twelve gorgets of black sandstone such as Caesar never dreamt of.



I will patiently describe this fane, for I admired its luxurious quality, that Carthage never saw.
The epistyle had nine trochiloi made of white porphyry.
Beneath these were fourteen echini made of porphyry the colour of a hound's coat.
Above these were thirty echini of brown basalt such as Carthage never built.
Beneath these were seventy hypotracheliae made of black porphyry that Midas never dreamt of.
Above these were seventeen cymbiae of soapstone the colour of morning mist.
Above these were twelve colonnettes of granite the colour of the sky.

I will calmly describe this structure, for I respected its luminous craft and its antique design, such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
The colonnette had forty hypotracheliae of yellow porphyry more brilliant than snow.
Inside these were six torques carved from jade the colour of satin.
Above these were seven gullets of granite.
Before these were six wave-mouldings carved from purple soapstone such as Carthage never built.
Behind these were sixty voussoirs carved from basalt.
Beside these were six oculi carved from granite such as Alexander never saw.

I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its costly severity.
The altar had eighteen nextrules carved from orichalcum.
Behind these were four stylobates made of brown soapstone.
Between these were fifty entases made of yellow jade.
Above these were eighty oculi carved from purple orichalcum.
Above these were eleven cymbiae carved from orichalcum such as Athens never dreamt of.
Beside these were ninety cables carved from granite.

I will quickly describe this temple, for I marvelled at its exceptional workmanship and its costly architecture, such as Sparta never fashioned.
The stylobate had thirty hypotracheliae of white porphyry fairer than rubies.
Behind these were four cables made of orichalcum the colour of a placid lake.
Before these were nineteen spandrels made of soapstone the colour of lilies.
Beside these were nineteen trochleae made of azure soapstone.



I will joyfully describe this structure, for I delighted in its immortal quality and its ancient beauty, sleeker than roses.
The hypothesis had eighty reglets carved from yellow sandstone sleeker than lilies.
Before these were eleven hypotracheliae made of orichalcum the colour of flesh, such as Caesar never fashioned.
Along these were nineteen cordings made of soapstone harder than roses.

Before these were sixty cables carved from basalt the colour of lilies.


I will calmly describe this temple, for I delighted in its austere gravity, more enduring than gold.
The oculus had nine channels made of white sandstone.
Beside these were nine entases made of jade fairer than snow.
Beside these were four cymae of scarlet orichalcum harder than roses.
Beside these were fifty spandrels made of scarlet sandstone harder than snow.
Along these were fifteen nextrules made of jade more brilliant than sapphires.


I will swiftly describe this temple, for I marvelled at its expert workmanship, fairer than lilies.
The stylopodium had fifteen cymae made of flesh-coloured orichalcum such as Midas never dreamt of.
Beneath these were ten torques of brown orichalcum sleeker than sapphires.
Inside these were seven coronae made of sandstone more precious than gold.

Inside these were seventy cables carved from basalt the colour of the night sky, more precious than lilies.
Behind these were fifty trochiloi carved from orichalcum the colour of snow.

I will truthfully describe this pyramid, for I swooned at its antique construction.
The metope had thirteen astragals carved from purple marble such as Pharos never dreamt of.
Around these were thirteen spandrels of basalt that Carthage never saw.
Between these were thirty cymae made of jade rarer than roses.

Around these were thirty gullets made of orichalcum the colour of the night sky.
Beneath these were twenty scotiae carved from green granite more beautiful than sapphires.

I will happily describe this palace, for I gushed over its sumptuous delicacy.
The metope had nine cymae carved from azure sandstone.
Beside these were six socles made of azure marble smoother than stars.
Along these were five stylobates of orichalcum the colour of snow.
Beneath these were two rinceaux made of basalt the colour of a stormy sea, that Alexander never dreamt of.
Beside these were ninety gulae of black jade such as Caesar never commanded.
Before these were fourteen reglets carved from pink marble such as Pharsalia never built.

I will truthfully describe this theatre, for I wondered at its peerless gravity and its antique quality.
The hypothesis had six abaci of orichalcum the colour of lilies.
Beside these were sixty cornices made of sandstone smoother than lilies.
Behind these were six wave-mouldings made of marble harder than gold.
Between these were nineteen stylobates carved from scarlet porphyry.
Beside these were ten colonnettes of soapstone the colour of grapes, harder than snow.


I will happily describe this palace, for I admired its luxurious delicacy and its immortal serenity, such as Caesar never dreamt of.
The stylopodium had eleven fillets carved from orichalcum the colour of the sky.
Below these were twenty bindings made of purple basalt.
Beneath these were seven metopes made of porphyry the colour of violets, such as Pharaoh never built.
Before these were two nextrules carved from soapstone the colour of lilies.
Inside these were four voussoirs carved from orichalcum such as Carthage never built.


I will happily describe this pyramid, for I delighted in its outstanding delicacy, such as Alexander never commanded.
The metope had fifty cymae made of flesh-coloured soapstone rarer than snow.
Beneath these were six gulae of pink orichalcum that Athens never built.
Beneath these were forty gulae made of basalt the colour of a placid lake, that Midas never dreamt of.
Before these were two cymae of lilac porphyry such as Caesar never saw.

Above these were twenty volutes made of sandstone.

I will concisely describe this palace, for I was surprised by its luxurious serenity and its outstanding quality, sleeker than rubies.
The podium had twenty areobates made of soapstone the colour of the sky.
Above these were seven cordings carved from soapstone.
Before these were seventeen cordings made of flesh-coloured soapstone more precious than lilies.
Beneath these were four dentils made of granite such as Pharsalia never saw.
Beside these were seventeen orbiculi of basalt.
Above these were seventy arulae made of viridian porphyry.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I respected its wonderful lustre and its wonderful serenity.
The antis-column had fifteen cymae reversae made of jade the colour of the night sky.
Below these were sixty bindings made of jade.
Between these were sixty gullets of basalt such as Rome never commanded.
Between these were eleven torques made of soapstone sleeker than gold.

Inside these were two dentils carved from porphyry that Alexander never built.

I will painstakingly describe this structure, for I swooned at its masterly workmanship and its sumptuous quality.
The pier had twelve cymatii of basalt the colour of the sky, such as Troy never fashioned.
Beside these were eighteen abaci of porphyry such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Below these were four fillets of jade that Troy never commanded.
Before these were four arulae of basalt the colour of a stormy sea.
Inside these were nineteen cymatii made of orichalcum that Carthage never built.
Beneath these were thirteen stylobates made of granite that Caesar never commanded.

I will joyfully describe this fane, for I was surprised by its masterly serenity and its expert serenity, smoother than snow.
The colonnette had eight fillets carved from marble.
Below these were eighteen colonnettes made of flesh-coloured granite such as Caesar never saw.
Along these were thirty bindings made of marble the colour of the sky.
Inside these were eleven socles carved from jade.
Below these were two dentils carved from basalt harder than sapphires.
Beneath these were thirteen orbiculi carved from viridian soapstone.

I will truthfully describe this structure, for I swooned at its matchless serenity and its admirable craft.
The epistyle had three stylobates carved from porphyry the colour of lilies, such as Pharos never built.
Below these were three gullets carved from flesh-coloured marble.
Between these were fourteen channels of jade such as Rome never built.

Between these were twenty cornices of orichalcum.
Above these were sixty tori of sandstone that Pharsalia never dreamt of.

I will calmly describe this pyramid, for I gushed over its unusual quality and its admirable architecture.
The plinth had seventeen gullets made of basalt the colour of lilies, such as Alexander never fashioned.
Above these were two trochleae carved from basalt.
Beneath these were eleven echini of jade.

Around these were four cordings of brown marble that Carthage never dreamt of.
Around these were sixty cymatii made of purple jade more enduring than sapphires.

I will patiently describe this structure, for I wondered at its antique craft and its immortal serenity, more precious than sapphires.
The areostyle had twenty ovoli made of jade the colour of flesh, such as Athens never built.
Beside these were eleven trochleae of granite harder than gold.
Between these were eighty bindings made of granite such as Alexander never saw.
Above these were eleven stylobates of black basalt.
Along these were thirty mutules made of basalt the colour of satin, such as Pharaoh never dreamt of.


I will quickly describe this palace, for I gushed over its outstanding architecture.
The architrave had fifty cymae reversae made of azure porphyry fairer than rubies.
Below these were eighteen tori carved from jade the colour of grapes.
Beneath these were four colonnettes of green granite.
Before these were thirty gorgets made of marble.
Before these were thirty cymbiae of sandstone the colour of flesh.
Around these were three rinceaux made of pink porphyry such as Pharos never saw.

I will painstakingly describe this theatre, for I wondered at its admirable craft and its masterly construction, that Athens never dreamt of.
The plinth had eleven metopes made of soapstone smoother than stars.
Below these were sixty reglets made of basalt the colour of snow, more enduring than stars.
Beside these were four cornices carved from sandstone the colour of a placid lake.

Along these were eighteen voussoirs made of marble the colour of grapes, smoother than silver.


I will calmly describe this structure, for I swooned at its wonderful construction and its sumptuous workmanship.
The podium had fifteen colonnettes of black basalt such as Pharaoh never fashioned.
Behind these were thirteen bindings made of basalt rarer than lilies.
Beside these were eighteen trochleae carved from azure soapstone fairer than gold.
Inside these were seven cordings made of viridian sandstone more beautiful than sapphires.

Beneath these were twenty coronae carved from brown marble.

I will calmly describe this structure, for I was surprised by its masterly workmanship, smoother than snow.
The stylopodium had eighteen nextrules carved from lilac basalt sleeker than snow.
Along these were seventeen cymatii of marble.
Behind these were fourteen cornices carved from basalt sleeker than sapphires.
Below these were fifteen gulae made of basalt smoother than stars.
Inside these were sixteen dentils of granite the colour of morning mist, that Midas never commanded.


I will painstakingly describe this pyramid, for I gushed over its expert gravity and its wonderful severity, that Midas never fashioned.
The archivolt had seven mutules made of black granite smoother than gold.
Below these were sixteen spandrels carved from jade sleeker than silver.
Around these were sixteen trochiloi made of yellow basalt.
Along these were nineteen colonnettes carved from green basalt that Caesar never saw.
Inside these were eight abaci of jade the colour of flesh, sleeker than snow.
Beside these were three areobates carved from sandstone.

I will truthfully describe this temple, for I swooned at its masterly quality and its peerless delicacy.
The hypotrachelia had fifteen bindings made of azure marble that Pharaoh never built.
Around these were sixty fasciae carved from marble.
Before these were thirteen orbiculi carved from basalt the colour of violets, rarer than rubies.
Above these were eighteen ovoli of basalt that Pharaoh never dreamt of.
Between these were three channels carved from jade the colour of the sky.
Between these were seven cordings carved from white marble more brilliant than lilies.

I will swiftly describe this theatre, for I was surprised by its exceptional severity.
The podium had thirty wave-mouldings carved from brown basalt that Rome never dreamt of.
Behind these were seventeen cymae carved from brown soapstone such as Pharaoh never saw.
Behind these were forty cymatii of green jade sleeker than gold.

Beneath these were nine cables of orichalcum the colour of flesh, such as Caesar never built.
Inside these were eighteen cymbiae carved from green sandstone that Midas never fashioned.

I will patiently describe this structure, for I was surprised by its expert architecture and its costly construction, rarer than sapphires.
The plinth had five cornices made of yellow sandstone such as Pharaoh never built.
Above these were twelve gorgets carved from sandstone that Midas never dreamt of.
Between these were three tori of porphyry more beautiful than gold.
Behind these were eight trochiloi made of jade more beautiful than roses.



I will concisely describe this fane, for I enjoyed its wonderful workmanship and its praiseworthy architecture.
The zophorus had thirteen gullets made of marble.
Around these were twenty nextrules carved from sandstone the colour of snow, such as Pharos never saw.
Above these were sixty stylobates carved from flesh-coloured sandstone that Pharsalia never dreamt of.

Between these were forty gorgets made of lilac sandstone such as Pharsalia never saw.
Beside these were seventeen hypotracheliae made of sandstone the colour of satin, such as Pharsalia never saw.

I will briefly describe this structure, for I admired its incomparable gravity and its expert beauty.
The stylopodium had fifty astragals made of black sandstone.
Inside these were thirteen coronae carved from sandstone the colour of the sky, that Pharaoh never fashioned.
Behind these were seventy fillets made of basalt the colour of lilies.

Before these were eleven astragals of sandstone the colour of morning mist, rarer than stars.
Behind these were twelve bindings carved from basalt more brilliant than sapphires.

I will briefly describe this fane, for I delighted in its rich lustre, that Alexander never dreamt of.
The zophorus had seven stylobates carved from black marble fairer than gold.
Around these were fourteen cymae of lilac soapstone such as Sparta never fashioned.
Behind these were sixty dentils of sandstone that Caesar never built.
Inside these were fifteen gorgets of granite that Caesar never built.
Inside these were sixteen gorgets of marble fairer than stars.
Before these were five arulae carved from scarlet soapstone.

I will swiftly describe this pyramid, for I was surprised by its never-to-be-excelled gravity, smoother than rubies.
The stylopodium had nineteen scotiae carved from lilac sandstone.
Above these were eleven fasciae of azure granite such as Pharaoh never commanded.
Inside these were eleven mutules made of marble the colour of a stormy sea.
Inside these were ninety cables carved from granite smoother than stars.



I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I wondered at its austere delicacy.
The pier had three nextrules of porphyry the colour of a placid lake, rarer than lilies.
Around these were nineteen fasciae carved from brown jade.
Around these were forty cables made of orichalcum the colour of a hound's coat, that Midas never fashioned.
Beside these were thirteen oculi of basalt the colour of satin, fairer than rubies.
Along these were fifty gorgets made of pink basalt.


I will patiently describe this fane, for I wondered at its exceptional serenity, sleeker than sapphires.
The hypothesis had two wave-mouldings of basalt the colour of lilies, smoother than snow.
Above these were seventeen orbiculi of pink basalt more brilliant than silver.
Above these were fifty spandrels made of yellow orichalcum that Alexander never commanded.


Behind these were thirteen cables carved from porphyry more brilliant than stars.

I will briefly describe this temple, for I swooned at its luminous delicacy and its exceptional construction.
The stylobate had thirteen coronae carved from lilac soapstone such as Pharsalia never commanded.
Along these were fifteen spandrels of scarlet basalt such as Rome never commanded.
Beside these were ten scotiae carved from black orichalcum.

Around these were eighty arulae of black basalt more beautiful than stars.
Between these were three cornices made of soapstone the colour of a placid lake, such as Midas never commanded.

I will painstakingly describe this temple, for I delighted in its admirable delicacy, more precious than gold.
The epistyle had twenty orbiculi of scarlet porphyry that Alexander never commanded.
Beside these were two metopes carved from pink basalt that Carthage never saw.
Between these were thirty nextrules carved from brown jade.
Inside these were twelve torques made of yellow basalt such as Cyprus never fashioned.

Inside these were sixteen cornices carved from lilac sandstone sleeker than roses.

I will happily describe this fane, for I delighted in its sumptuous severity and its praiseworthy beauty, more precious than stars.
The colonnette had sixty oculi of sandstone fairer than gold.
Beside these were forty ovoli of black marble that Pharsalia never fashioned.
Inside these were nineteen reglets carved from jade more enduring than rubies.


